**Sam**: I don't know. I don't know how well I'm going to be able to take notes on this.
*00:00*

**Sam**: It's fair.
*00:02*

**Sam**: Have we been making money on it, first of all?
*00:03*

**Emily Harden**: I think the best year we made $15,000.
*00:07*

**Sam**: Oh.
*00:10*

**Emily Harden**: Worst year, we made like $2,000 to $5,000.
*00:13*

**Sam**: But we always make money.
*00:15*

**Emily Harden**: Yes, if you didn't count my time, yes.
*00:17*

**Emily Harden**: Which Max basically handles, he handled a lot of that, right?
*00:22*

**Sam**: Yeah.
*00:27*

**Sam**: Well, he was saying, he was telling me he'll handle MC things, he'll handle some other stuff, but he can't do any of the Emily stuff.
*00:27*

**Sam**: I'm like, okay.
*00:35*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*00:36*

**Sam**: Well, I can figure that out, I think.
*00:37*

**Emily Harden**: So, Emily's stuff for 200K was setting up the ticketing system, right?
*00:40*

**Sam**: It's Tito, right?
*00:48*

**Emily Harden**: We used Tito.
*00:49*

**Emily Harden**: Setting up the call for papers in the first place.
*00:53*

**Emily Harden**: We use SessionEyes.
*00:55*

**Emily Harden**: I think you could use Paper Call or you could use SessionEyes.
*00:57*

**Emily Harden**: I think we got better speaker selections with SessionEyes, but it's $500.
*01:00*

**Sam**: So my strategy with that is to not do speaker call.
*01:06*

**Emily Harden**: You could do that, too.
*01:11*

**Sam**: I'm going to – I talked with Kevin.
*01:11*

**Emily Harden**: Kevin.
*01:15*

**Sam**: From NVIDIA.
*01:16*

**Emily Harden**: Okay.
*01:17*

**Sam**: And I was like, hey, do you think you could do a talk in May?
*01:18*

**Sam**: He's like, I think so.
*01:20*

**Sam**: So I'm going to stack up Kevin.
*01:21*

**Sam**: I'm going to stack up April from Microsoft.
*01:23*

**Emily Harden**: That sounds really cool.
*01:26*

**Emily Harden**: I'm going to give you the heads up.
*01:27*

**Emily Harden**: You're going to get pushback, at least from Max, for that.
*01:28*

**Emily Harden**: Probably.
*01:32*

**Sam**: No, Max was open to it.
*01:33*

**Sam**: I already talked about it.
*01:33*

**Emily Harden**: Okay.
*01:34*

**Emily Harden**: Okay.
*01:35*

**Sam**: Well, great.
*01:36*

**Emily Harden**: I always got pushback with some of that stuff because you and you're okay with the People's
*01:38*

**Emily Harden**: Conference, where they really liked everyone got to vote on the topics they wanted to hear.
*01:43*

**Emily Harden**: They liked that aspect.
*01:48*

**Emily Harden**: Max actually has a baby as opposed to a fake baby of 200K now, you know?
*01:51*

**Emily Harden**: So, like, he might care less.
*01:57*

**Emily Harden**: Like, 200K was his baby, and now he has, like, a baby.
*01:59*

**Emily Harden**: You know?
*02:03*

**Emily Harden**: Like, so...
*02:04*

**Emily Harden**: He might not have as much care about it.
*02:07*

**Sam**: Let's go to that.
*02:11*

**Emily Harden**: I do think he might still have the domain.
*02:14*

**Emily Harden**: I don't remember.
*02:17*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*02:18*

**Sam**: I'm going to set up, I've been using it because I don't have a prospectus built out yet.
*02:21*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*02:28*

**Sam**: So I just send them that for sponsors and speakers just to like, hey, here's an idea of what to expect.
*02:29*

**Emily Harden**: I have some sponsored prospectuses in technical folders.
*02:35*

**Emily Harden**: Okay.
*02:39*

**Emily Harden**: The more I think about it, there are a couple of different methods you can use.
*02:43*

**Emily Harden**: We tried custom building sponsor packets for bigger sponsors
*02:49*

**Sam**: Right back up
*02:58*

**Sam**: I remember the weird thing I did with that water dispenser.
*03:26*

**Sam**: So you hold your hand in front of the cold one, and you put your hand under the cold one where your hand is.
*03:30*

**Sam**: And it starts, water starts coming out here.
*03:36*

**Emily Harden**: Oh, yeah.
*03:38*

**Emily Harden**: I put it in the middle, but I was thinking it might come out on the right.
*03:39*

**Emily Harden**: I was concerned.
*03:43*

**Emily Harden**: So, um, we tried building custom-sponsored things.
*03:48*

**Emily Harden**: Like, we think these people can give us 20K, so let's build a giant thing.
*03:55*

**Emily Harden**: they never worked out
*04:02*

**Emily Harden**: what worked
*04:05*

**Emily Harden**: the best
*04:07*

**Emily Harden**: most recently was
*04:08*

**Emily Harden**: cheap
*04:10*

**Emily Harden**: can buy online
*04:12*

**Emily Harden**: easy
*04:14*

**Emily Harden**: $500,000
*04:15*

**Emily Harden**: $2000
*04:17*

**Emily Harden**: I've been looking at a bunch of conferences
*04:23*

**Emily Harden**: lately so I'm looking at what other conferences
*04:25*

**Emily Harden**: are doing
*04:27*

**Emily Harden**: they do a little bit of regular sponsorships
*04:29*

**Emily Harden**: but a lot of times it's
*04:32*

**Emily Harden**: this much
*04:35*

**Emily Harden**: to pay for breakfast
*04:36*

**Emily Harden**: this much to pay for lunch
*04:37*

**Emily Harden**: to be that sponsored
*04:40*

**Emily Harden**: that worked
*04:42*

**Emily Harden**: they seem to be working well
*04:43*

**Emily Harden**: I don't know
*04:45*

**Emily Harden**: but like one of the conferences
*04:49*

**Emily Harden**: I think it's in March
*04:51*

**Emily Harden**: it's already sold out
*04:53*

**Emily Harden**: almost every sponsorship spot
*04:54*

**Emily Harden**: It has.
*04:56*

**Emily Harden**: And I was like, okay, well, obviously something's working there.
*04:57*

**Emily Harden**: And those were big sponsorship slots.
*05:00*

**Emily Harden**: They were like 2K minimum sponsorship slots.
*05:03*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*05:06*

**Emily Harden**: Something sponsors tend to want and we never have done is give the attendee data.
*05:09*

**Emily Harden**: So something we had talked about doing was putting a checkmark in the ticketing system that they could opt in or opt out to sponsor emails.
*05:18*

**Sam**: Oh, for the attendees.
*05:32*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*05:34*

**Emily Harden**: So the attendee could opt in to receive sponsor emails.
*05:35*

**Emily Harden**: You write something that says, like, this helps keep our costs low or whatever.
*05:40*

**Sam**: And then they get that list.
*05:43*

**Emily Harden**: right
*05:48*

**Emily Harden**: because that was so
*05:51*

**Emily Harden**: the effect we got once
*05:52*

**Emily Harden**: um
*05:54*

**Emily Harden**: atlas works well for the
*05:57*

**Emily Harden**: size I think
*06:00*

**Emily Harden**: of the conference
*06:02*

**Emily Harden**: and they were always willing
*06:04*

**Emily Harden**: to do it for free slash sponsor us
*06:06*

**Sam**: yeah they took I think they
*06:08*

**Emily Harden**: gave us 5k last
*06:10*

**Sam**: year and we gave it they were the venue
*06:12*

**Sam**: and as a sponsor yeah
*06:13*

**Sam**: I need to talk with who would you talk to
*06:15*

**Sam**: usually goes to Libby directly or?
*06:18*

**Emily Harden**: No.
*06:20*

**Emily Harden**: They have a new person.
*06:23*

**Emily Harden**: It's not Amelia and it's not Libby.
*06:25*

**Emily Harden**: I don't remember who it is.
*06:28*

**Emily Harden**: But you can probably talk to Libby
*06:32*

**Emily Harden**: and she can tell you who to talk to
*06:33*

**Emily Harden**: or talk to Amelia and she can tell you who to talk to.
*06:34*

**Emily Harden**: I always go to Amelia and then she's like,
*06:36*

**Emily Harden**: no, you're supposed to talk to this person.
*06:38*

**Emily Harden**: I'm like, okay.
*06:39*

**Sam**: I've been considering, just because Max,
*06:41*

**Sam**: one of his things was just like he wanted a new venue.
*06:42*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*06:47*

**Sam**: So, GitWit has been very, not just accommodating, but just like, please, we want to use TechLahoma
*06:47*

**Sam**: stuff.
*06:59*

**Emily Harden**: Okay.
*07:00*

**Sam**: It's just been very direct.
*07:01*

**Sam**: Like, we need software.
*07:02*

**Emily Harden**: Does GitWit have enough space for that?
*07:03*

**Sam**: Have you been in their space?
*07:06*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*07:07*

**Emily Harden**: Like, I think I have enough space for like 75, which is typically 200K size.
*07:09*

**Sam**: Yeah.
*07:14*

**Sam**: Like, I was thinking that, and if it's more than 75, it's kind of a good problem.
*07:14*

**Emily Harden**: Well, you could always do.
*07:22*

**Emily Harden**: So there's a couple of miscellaneous things that have been tossed around.
*07:25*

**Emily Harden**: One is having, because Atlas wants to underkill,
*07:30*

**Emily Harden**: So having like the night before or the day before a mini conference specifically for
*07:35*

**Emily Harden**: Atlas students where you have some of those speakers giving talks, right?
*07:44*

**Emily Harden**: Okay.
*07:49*

**Emily Harden**: And then the 200K itself is professional, right?
*07:50*

**Emily Harden**: It's a higher level process because we get pushback.
*07:54*

**Emily Harden**: We got pushback every year of like where it's too profound.
*07:59*

**Emily Harden**: It's too deep.
*08:02*

**Emily Harden**: It's not deep enough.
*08:03*

**Emily Harden**: It's too deep.
*08:03*

**Emily Harden**: It's not deep enough.
*08:04*

**Emily Harden**: And when you have all students, it's going to be too deep for them.
*08:05*

**Emily Harden**: So give them like a little pop.
*08:09*

**Emily Harden**: Let Atlas pay for that.
*08:12*

**Sam**: I like that.
*08:14*

**Emily Harden**: Right.
*08:15*

**Emily Harden**: We also talked about now that you have a TechLahoma membership, right,
*08:19*

**Emily Harden**: the first 10, 15 people that show up get to have lunch with the speakers.
*08:23*

**Emily Harden**: And you set aside a place specifically for speaker lunch that the speakers can opt in around.
*08:28*

**Emily Harden**: But the professional...
*08:35*

**Sam**: Max was telling me about a speaker dinner the night before.
*08:37*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah, so typically the night before we host a speaker dinner, just like a thank you dinner.
*08:41*

**Emily Harden**: When budget allows, we let volunteers attend too.
*08:46*

**Emily Harden**: When budget allows, we let spouses of volunteers attend and stuff, right?
*08:49*

**Emily Harden**: But budget hasn't allowed for a couple of years now.
*08:53*

**Emily Harden**: It's typically first drink on us, food on us, and a couple laps.
*08:59*

**Emily Harden**: I think the most we've ever spent was $1,000 on that.
*09:06*

**Emily Harden**: I would budget as if every speaker is coming, but most speakers don't arrive until 8 or 9.
*09:12*

**Sam**: And then you really pay for what they...
*09:21*

**Emily Harden**: Right. We only pay if they actually attend the speaker dinner, because that's the option for the pre-dinner.
*09:24*

**Sam**: What are the venues you guys have used in the past?
*09:30*

**Sam**: Like the restaurants?
*09:33*

**Emily Harden**: The library.
*09:34*

**Emily Harden**: Oh, for food.
*09:35*

**Emily Harden**: Then you have for food.
*09:35*

**Emily Harden**: Mexicali.
*09:37*

**Sam**: Okay.
*09:39*

**Sam**: Well, the other part I really love about gateway is there's just so much around there.
*09:40*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*09:43*

**Sam**: So, because there's a lot more flexibility as far as, like, food.
*09:47*

**Emily Harden**: Mexicali.
*09:52*

**Emily Harden**: Gosh, we've been doing Mexicali for the past two or three years.
*09:58*

**Emily Harden**: we did do other places
*10:03*

**Emily Harden**: and then we always did Welltown as the after party.
*10:04*

**Emily Harden**: Welltown's
*10:08*

**Emily Harden**: really good to us.
*10:08*

**Emily Harden**: You just put the Tecloma card
*10:11*

**Emily Harden**: on tap and then like
*10:12*

**Emily Harden**: you give tickets or wristbands or however
*10:14*

**Emily Harden**: you want to do it. I suggest tickets.
*10:16*

**Emily Harden**: And then eventually
*10:20*

**Emily Harden**: you ask Welltown, okay, what's the tab
*10:22*

**Emily Harden**: at? And then like
*10:24*

**Emily Harden**: alright, last round, that kind of thing.
*10:26*

**Emily Harden**: It's typically what I do.
*10:28*

**Emily Harden**: but we always came under budget there.
*10:31*

**Sam**: What's the estimated cost of a year?
*10:33*

**Sam**: Like, all in?
*10:37*

**Emily Harden**: There's a budget sheet floating around.
*10:38*

**Emily Harden**: I want to say it's $25 to $30.
*10:42*

**Emily Harden**: Where would I find that?
*10:45*

**Emily Harden**: It's in the Tucklahoma Drive.
*10:46*

**Emily Harden**: In conferences and $200.
*10:48*

**Sam**: Okay.
*10:50*

**Emily Harden**: I don't have my phone.
*10:52*

**Emily Harden**: I don't know why I'm calling it.
*10:53*

**Emily Harden**: We always budget too much for the food, not enough for the hotels, because we always book the hotels to board them.
*10:58*

**Sam**: That was the secret.
*11:05*

**Sam**: If I can do local speakers, I can skip hotels.
*11:07*

**Emily Harden**: Local speakers can skip hotels, which is nice.
*11:11*

**Emily Harden**: If you do have other speakers, they started using Hotel Engine,
*11:14*

**Emily Harden**: Which is like who you use if you're booking your company to go stay somewhere.
*11:20*

**Sam**: Yeah.
*11:29*

**Emily Harden**: And it's nice because you can book it with their name and then like you get all their confirmation information and stuff.
*11:30*

**Emily Harden**: But then they also get it and like it works pretty well.
*11:38*

**Emily Harden**: Flight wise, we always had them book their flight and we would reimburse.
*11:45*

**Emily Harden**: We would give a suggested amount that they should be under based on where they're from.
*11:49*

**Emily Harden**: So I would search and I'd be like, okay, these flights are $200 to $300.
*11:54*

**Emily Harden**: I'm going to say their max is $350.
*11:58*

**Emily Harden**: But they have to book general and not like first class.
*12:01*

**Emily Harden**: And if they book first class, that difference of expense is on that.
*12:06*

**Emily Harden**: No one ever did.
*12:09*

**Emily Harden**: Right.
*12:11*

**Emily Harden**: The biggest thing is if you do have other speakers, if you can get them to have their company pay for that.
*12:13*

**Emily Harden**: then you can just list their company as a friend of 200OK.
*12:21*

**Sam**: Like a partner?
*12:26*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*12:27*

**Emily Harden**: Something that I've noticed now in more paper calls is there is a checkmark box of
*12:30*

**Emily Harden**: will your company be paying for your travel?
*12:36*

**Emily Harden**: And so if you do make a call for papers and you do list that,
*12:40*

**Emily Harden**: then you could in theory eliminate all the people who their companies that pay for travel
*12:45*

**Emily Harden**: and you don't have a budget
*12:50*

**Emily Harden**: very hard taco to eat what's that it's very difficult to eat while falling apart
*12:58*

**Emily Harden**: If you do have out-of-town speakers and you do book them in a hotel, I typically always
*13:23*

**Emily Harden**: made sure that they were walking as a group back to the hotel for speaker dinner or into
*13:30*

**Emily Harden**: the conference in the morning, or I would drive them myself.
*13:35*

**Emily Harden**: I feel comfortable in downtown Tulsa late at night.
*13:41*

**Emily Harden**: Oh yeah, yeah.
*13:44*

**Sam**: Yeah, that could be tricky.
*13:46*

**Emily Harden**: We do have magnets you can put on your car that are giant bison.
*13:48*

**Emily Harden**: So that you look like a little taxi.
*13:53*

**Emily Harden**: Oh.
*13:56*

**Sam**: Are those in the box in Carlos' office?
*13:59*

**Emily Harden**: They're either in there or in Oklahoma City.
*14:01*

**Emily Harden**: I always give speaker gifts.
*14:07*

**Emily Harden**: They were typically like a technical paint glass or a jacket or something.
*14:11*

**Emily Harden**: They always get the t-shirts and everything, but they also get something else.
*14:18*

**Emily Harden**: What we talked about doing too was maybe the speaker gift is
*14:26*

**Emily Harden**: a gift certificate for
*14:36*

**Emily Harden**: or some program they're trying to apply for.
*14:39*

**Emily Harden**: Like we talked about making them more specific to the speakers,
*14:45*

**Emily Harden**: but we've never done that.
*14:47*

**Emily Harden**: There's also a list of last-minute speakers if you ever need them.
*14:54*

**Sam**: Oh, where is that?
*14:58*

**Emily Harden**: It's in one of the canvases in Slack.
*14:59*

**Sam**: Okay, Slack canvas.
*15:06*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*15:07*

**Emily Harden**: and
*15:36*

**Sam**: Oh, shoot.
*15:38*

**Sam**: Erin, Brian Hove, Ashley Coffey.
*15:39*

**Sam**: Oh, that would be good.
*15:41*

**Emily Harden**: These are people that are local that, like, would probably be willing to...
*15:43*

**Sam**: Can you screenshot that?
*15:47*

**Sam**: Text that to me?
*15:48*

**Emily Harden**: Mm-hmm.
*15:48*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*15:49*

**Emily Harden**: I'm just going to get potatoes.
*15:50*

**Emily Harden**: You can also consider me on that list, but you know I don't do technical jobs.
*15:54*

**Sam**: No, well, that's...
*15:59*

**Sam**: Like, that's...
*16:00*

**Sam**: It's like when we did the anime with Kate, because she's a lawyer.
*16:03*

**Sam**: Right.
*16:06*

**Sam**: just like have a legal expert,
*16:06*

**Sam**: but you have a subject matter expert at a tech conference.
*16:09*

**Sam**: It's just like super power.
*16:12*

**Sam**: Because everything else is tech.
*16:15*

**Emily Harden**: We'll finish talking about 200K,
*16:17*

**Emily Harden**: but I want to talk about Tulsa Tech.
*16:19*

**Sam**: Like Tulsa Technology Center?
*16:21*

**Emily Harden**: Yes.
*16:23*

**Sam**: Oh.
*16:24*

**Emily Harden**: But let's finish talking about 200K.
*16:25*

**Sam**: Okay.
*16:28*

**Sam**: The best sources for attendees.
*16:28*

**Emily Harden**: Atlas was given students, right?
*16:32*

**Sam**: Yeah.
*16:35*

**Emily Harden**: Um, there's, on Tito, you can contact every previous 200-O-Pay attendee.
*16:36*

**Sam**: Okay.
*16:41*

**Emily Harden**: Um, you can also contact Lender Plains attendees.
*16:42*

**Emily Harden**: Some, we got some really random ones.
*16:46*

**Sam**: Does Tito work like MailChimp, where you can just send out emails from there?
*16:50*

**Sam**: Oh, perfect.
*16:53*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah, it's not, it'll say, is this relevant to this person?
*16:54*

**Emily Harden**: And, like, it'll flag him, like, yes.
*16:59*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*17:01*

**Emily Harden**: But the thing is, is if you...
*17:02*

**Emily Harden**: It doesn't delineate between 2015 attendees, 2016 attendees,
*17:05*

**Emily Harden**: so you don't want to pull the full list and then send it,
*17:10*

**Emily Harden**: because otherwise they're going to get like six emails if they attend it every year.
*17:14*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*17:19*

**Emily Harden**: Which I believe is pulled and is in our newsletter list.
*17:20*

**Emily Harden**: But...
*17:25*

**Background**: I was like, just looking at the store spot tape,
*17:25*

**Background**: then I was like,
*17:28*

**Background**: I gotta go and try this for me.
*17:30*

**Background**: Who has a super veggie wrap about onions?
*17:31*

**Background**: So the peppers and onions come in a place.
*17:34*

**Background**: Would you rather have no veggies or are you okay with no onions?
*17:37*

**Background**: I can see if he can do it in light, but they're all prepared together.
*17:41*

**Background**: So, okay.
*17:45*

**Sam**: What's the name we were just talking about?
*17:58*

**Sam**: Sources of attendees.
*18:00*

**Emily Harden**: Yes.
*18:02*

**Emily Harden**: City of Tulsa sends people.
*18:04*

**Emily Harden**: Like, if you contact...
*18:06*

**Sam**: How do they find out about it?
*18:08*

**Emily Harden**: I have no idea.
*18:11*

**Emily Harden**: I just look at the last to have their email address.
*18:12*

**Emily Harden**: I'm like, oh, they're from Williams.
*18:15*

**Emily Harden**: Oh, they're from City of Tulsa.
*18:16*

**Emily Harden**: Oh, they're from...
*18:17*

**Sam**: Okay, I could talk with some...
*18:19*

**Sam**: You know Brentum Todd?
*18:22*

**Emily Harden**: That name sounds familiar.
*18:24*

**Sam**: Brenton is the chief of staff for Mayor Monroe.
*18:26*

**Sam**: And I can ask him if they have a city list.
*18:33*

**Sam**: Like some kind of channel where we can share it to city people
*18:37*

**Sam**: and then just like promote it for the city officials that want to participate.
*18:42*

**Emily Harden**: I'm going to talk to tech students also.
*18:48*

**Sam**: How does that?
*18:51*

**Emily Harden**: I know a guy.
*18:52*

**Emily Harden**: Okay.
*18:54*

**Emily Harden**: He's Santa. His name is John Duffy.
*18:55*

**Emily Harden**: John Duffy.
*18:58*

**Emily Harden**: John Duffy.
*18:59*

**Emily Harden**: He's also
*19:03*

**Emily Harden**: Santa.
*19:03*

**Emily Harden**: I met him as Santa
*19:06*

**Emily Harden**: and then discovered he was stuck
*19:07*

**Emily Harden**: in the
*19:11*

**Emily Harden**: office office.
*19:11*

**Emily Harden**: It happens.
*19:13*

**Emily Harden**: He's my personal Santa.
*19:15*

**Emily Harden**: If I ever meet a Santa, I know I have a Santa.
*19:16*

**Emily Harden**: He's also a little rough around the office,
*19:19*

**Emily Harden**: but he's fine.
*19:21*

**Emily Harden**: Tulsa Tech loves us, and I'll get back to that in a minute.
*19:25*

**Emily Harden**: The board, I had them always mention.
*19:31*

**Emily Harden**: I tried to have them always mention if they were doing any speaking opportunities for them to mention to come to San Majuro way.
*19:33*

**Sam**: Oh, yeah.
*19:39*

**Emily Harden**: And then any Slack group you're a part of.
*19:42*

**Emily Harden**: So Gradient, Thai Pros, any of those.
*19:46*

**Emily Harden**: And then the newsletter.
*19:53*

**Sam**: okay yeah this is helpful that was the big thing i was like i was worried about i was just like
*20:06*

**Sam**: thinking about like okay how do we how do we get the attendees once we have the speakers generally
*20:12*

**Sam**: locked in and we have something for people to look at sometimes the speakers themselves bring
*20:17*

**Sam**: attendees. That's what Kevin was saying. He was like, I kind of want to walk in on the May date
*20:21*

**Sam**: because Kevin was like, yeah, I can come and I think I'm going to have some coworkers in town.
*20:27*

**Emily Harden**: May might also want to speak. Yeah. That would be great. When we did, we had Kent C. Dodds in Thunder Plains.
*20:31*

**Emily Harden**: People came from, at least one person, I think more than one, came from Kansas to Thunder Plains,
*20:44*

**Emily Harden**: to see Kent, and that guy continues to come to Thunderplanes every year now.
*20:50*

**Emily Harden**: That's sick.
*20:56*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*20:57*

**Emily Harden**: So, you know, friends, like just LinkedIn community in general, sharing and posting.
*20:58*

**Emily Harden**: But, yeah, it's a lot of word amount.
*21:15*

**Emily Harden**: 200K is a lot of word amount.
*21:17*

**Sam**: Okay.
*21:19*

**Sam**: Where does the word about start usually?
*21:20*

**Sam**: Like how did it...
*21:22*

**Emily Harden**: Four.
*21:23*

**Sam**: I don't know.
*21:24*

**Emily Harden**: Then when...
*21:29*

**Emily Harden**: I will let you know, no one will buy their ticket or whatever.
*21:31*

**Sam**: Yeah, that was the thing with Thunderplanes.
*21:34*

**Sam**: There was like a big scare.
*21:37*

**Sam**: It was like a month out and we were like $10,000 short or something.
*21:38*

**Sam**: Every year.
*21:41*

**Emily Harden**: And I don't know how well, because I sometimes am stressed about it and sometimes I wasn't.
*21:42*

**Emily Harden**: every year, like, 50 to 75% of the tickets get bought in the spot.
*21:49*

**Emily Harden**: Okay.
*21:55*

**Emily Harden**: For the conference.
*21:56*

**Emily Harden**: You can try everything you want to do, like, early burn specials.
*21:57*

**Emily Harden**: But if you're doing GitWit, right, that location is limited.
*22:03*

**Emily Harden**: So you can save limited spots, right?
*22:07*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*22:10*

**Emily Harden**: And, like, the first 20 people get it at this price.
*22:10*

**Emily Harden**: The second 40 people get it at this price.
*22:13*

**Sam**: assumption is even if we sell 200 tickets there's not gonna be 200 people there at once
*22:15*

**Emily Harden**: probably one 50 to 175 yeah but like like at any given time there's gonna there's gonna be like
*22:20*

**Emily Harden**: that happens but um occasionally you've hit in the full capacity right like it doesn't
*22:28*

**Emily Harden**: i had friends giving this year yeah i invite the same list every year i added like two people
*22:37*

**Emily Harden**: every year no not everyone can make it it's fine this year i had 26 people in my house
*22:43*

**Emily Harden**: i wasn't expecting that but everyone said yes
*22:50*

**Emily Harden**: so it happens
*22:55*

**Sam**: i guess we gotta i should talk with you about a plan to uh
*22:59*

**Sam**: for overflow yeah i'm i'm thinking that just that main like yeah step seating
*23:06*

**Emily Harden**: that's probably a 75 to 100 yeah and so it's like we have that we're good then we could just like
*23:12*

**Sam**: overflow with like people like if you put seats on that hallway and then seats on the side on
*23:17*

**Emily Harden**: either side we could probably bump it up to like 150 and we talked about recorded versus
*23:23*

**Emily Harden**: We tend to lean now towards not recording because then you have to be there to hear it.
*23:36*

**Background**: Yeah.
*23:40*

**Background**: People do get sad about that because accessibility.
*23:44*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*23:47*

**Emily Harden**: So, give or take that.
*23:48*

**Emily Harden**: Maybe you make people, if you do record it.
*23:52*

**Emily Harden**: Like, recording's just expensive.
*23:55*

**Sam**: Yeah.
*23:57*

**Emily Harden**: And get what's not recorded out before it.
*23:57*

**Emily Harden**: Atlas was, but...
*23:59*

**Sam**: Yeah, well, also, Max was just, like, he just wasn't interested in, like, figuring that out.
*24:00*

**Emily Harden**: It's a bitch.
*24:05*

**Sam**: Even though Atlas has everything we need, it's just, like, it's still...
*24:05*

**Emily Harden**: It's a bitch.
*24:08*

**Sam**: It needs to be just kind of...
*24:10*

**Sam**: Like, I was thinking about that.
*24:12*

**Sam**: I was, like, there's a...
*24:12*

**Sam**: Instead of using professional production software, just using, like, Google Meet with YouTube live streaming.
*24:14*

**Sam**: Or, like, there's another one.
*24:20*

**Emily Harden**: I don't know how to explain.
*24:23*

**Emily Harden**: You think it's simple and it's just not.
*24:25*

**Sam**: Yeah.
*24:28*

**Sam**: No, I worked at AVL.
*24:29*

**Emily Harden**: I worked with my production.
*24:31*

**Sam**: I know it gets very complex and very expensive very fast.
*24:32*

**Emily Harden**: And we did it at Thunder Planes once,
*24:35*

**Emily Harden**: and they charge us $10,000,
*24:38*

**Emily Harden**: which is a lot of money, and it's not worth it.
*24:42*

**Emily Harden**: If someone really wants to see a particular speaker,
*24:47*

**Emily Harden**: maybe you can say that they can come back as an AMA virtually
*24:50*

**Emily Harden**: or something like that.
*24:53*

**Emily Harden**: Or you give them a discounted ticket.
*24:57*

**Emily Harden**: occasionally people would ask for discounted or free tickets.
*24:59*

**Emily Harden**: Students, I would say, if you volunteer, you can't.
*25:03*

**Emily Harden**: The problem is we always ended up with two-day volunteers
*25:07*

**Emily Harden**: because I was just like, I want to...
*25:12*

**Sam**: Okay, where do the volunteers come from?
*25:13*

**Sam**: I don't even know how to, like...
*25:16*

**Emily Harden**: There's a volunteers needed channel in Texas.
*25:17*

**Sam**: So we just post 200-OK volunteer requests?
*25:20*

**Emily Harden**: People will want to volunteer and get a free ticket.
*25:23*

**Sam**: Okay, so volunteers get a free ticket.
*25:27*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah, we've done volunteers gonna get half off ticket.
*25:29*

**Emily Harden**: Or you're not gonna get it.
*25:33*

**Emily Harden**: But also there's a list of volunteer tasks that I have.
*25:39*

**Emily Harden**: I'm too sure to pay.
*25:45*

**Emily Harden**: Slack or Drive.
*25:47*

**Emily Harden**: All the tasks that I have volunteers do.
*25:50*

**Emily Harden**: like putting up signage or helping set up equipment and stuff, making sure the speakers
*25:52*

**Emily Harden**: felt like they had everything they needed.
*26:04*

**Sam**: Okay, that's good to know.
*26:09*

**Sam**: That kind of goes into the other...
*26:12*

**Sam**: So, speaker fees are...
*26:14*

**Sam**: I already talked to Max about speaker fees.
*26:16*

**Sam**: We don't do speaker fees.
*26:18*

**Emily Harden**: There's a whole page on speaker fees.
*26:19*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*26:22*

**Sam**: Who's in the regular, who's the regular planning committee for this?
*26:25*

**Sam**: Like, who's?
*26:28*

**Emily Harden**: There's a channel called 200OK Planning.
*26:29*

**Sam**: Yeah.
*26:31*

**Emily Harden**: And it's Max and one other guy.
*26:32*

**Sam**: Oh, okay.
*26:35*

**Sam**: That makes it easy.
*26:36*

**Sam**: I was going to do some recruiting, but I didn't want to exclude,
*26:37*

**Sam**: accidentally exclude people who were expecting to help out.
*26:41*

**Sam**: Who's the one other guy, Vance?
*26:44*

**Sam**: I can't remember his name.
*26:46*

**Sam**: I don't know.
*26:47*

**Emily Harden**: Actually, I think I left the planning committee.
*26:48*

**Emily Harden**: Let me try.
*26:49*

**Sam**: Yeah, I wanted to loop in.
*26:50*

**Sam**: So I want to just do an initial planning meeting and then loop in some of the user group leaders
*26:52*

**Sam**: and some of the Tulsa board members.
*26:59*

**Emily Harden**: So Carlos is always in it, but he doesn't actually do anything.
*27:04*

**Emily Harden**: His people are all new.
*27:07*

**Emily Harden**: Jeff helps as needed.
*27:09*

**Emily Harden**: Travis does all the PRs.
*27:14*

**Sam**: Travis Miller?
*27:17*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah, he does all the pull requests and stuff.
*27:17*

**Emily Harden**: He manages the website.
*27:19*

**Emily Harden**: He never actually does anything else.
*27:20*

**Sam**: Okay, cool.
*27:22*

**Emily Harden**: I don't know about the rest of these people.
*27:24*

**Sam**: And those are the people from the...
*27:27*

**Emily Harden**: Channel.
*27:29*

**Emily Harden**: The 200-DK Planning Channel.
*27:29*

**Emily Harden**: And I just sent you the...
*27:33*

**Emily Harden**: Speaker of the Honorarium Policy.
*27:40*

**Emily Harden**: Basically, we would, if we had a keynote,
*27:44*

**Emily Harden**: we would do an honorarium if we have a budget.
*27:48*

**Emily Harden**: But typically, no.
*27:52*

**Emily Harden**: We've done an honorarium once.
*27:54*

**Emily Harden**: I think we offered to do an honorarium for Kent.
*27:58*

**Emily Harden**: But he's the way that we're not from Tata.
*28:01*

**Emily Harden**: He's very nice of him.
*28:04*

**Emily Harden**: Everybody that I talk to...
*28:05*

**Sam**: The next big thing is printing.
*28:09*

**Sam**: So shirts, signage.
*28:12*

**Sam**: I had a whole list.
*28:17*

**Sam**: like sponsor logo placements
*28:20*

**Sam**: like when do you usually
*28:22*

**Sam**: plan on doing all the
*28:24*

**Sam**: printing and merch ordering
*28:26*

**Emily Harden**: t-shirts is like
*28:28*

**Emily Harden**: four weeks before
*28:30*

**Sam**: six weeks maybe
*28:31*

**Emily Harden**: we used to use
*28:34*

**Emily Harden**: a company and then we had to
*28:36*

**Emily Harden**: switch to another one
*28:38*

**Emily Harden**: what is it called
*28:40*

**Emily Harden**: but again because
*28:41*

**Emily Harden**: in that area I can have that
*28:42*

**Sam**: Hey, remind me to add an action item for Talk with GitWit about seating overage and then build a schedule for the whole conference prep.
*28:46*

**Sam**: So a schedule for things like ordering shirts and printing signage.
*28:59*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah, I have a semi-scheduled shirt in a conference planning.
*29:06*

**Emily Harden**: Oh, in Slack?
*29:12*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*29:13*

**Emily Harden**: I think I make canvases for everything.
*29:15*

**Sam**: Remind me to look up Emily's canvases for 200 okay stuff.
*29:17*

**Emily Harden**: No, I didn't mean it that way.
*29:21*

**Emily Harden**: Okay.
*29:25*

**Emily Harden**: Yes, I would do that too.
*29:26*

**Emily Harden**: That makes sense.
*29:27*

**Emily Harden**: 200.
*29:29*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*29:32*

**Background**: I feel like it's involved in time since we've been through the best time.
*29:32*

**Emily Harden**: We're so slow.
*29:36*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah, that's where it is.
*29:37*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*29:39*

**Emily Harden**: And we're kind of a transition moment where we're figuring out the goals.
*29:40*

**Emily Harden**: Maybe it's in Drive.
*29:45*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*29:48*

**Emily Harden**: It might be in Drive.
*29:49*

**Emily Harden**: Okay.
*29:50*

**Emily Harden**: But, yeah, there's shit.
*29:50*

**Emily Harden**: I tried to prep everything.
*29:52*

**Emily Harden**: I think that's everything.
*29:57*

**Emily Harden**: We have a t-shirt company.
*29:58*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*30:00*

**Emily Harden**: It's the one we used most recently, so it will be in budget.
*30:01*

**Emily Harden**: Like a budget spreadsheet?
*30:08*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*30:09*

**Emily Harden**: They changed the name of their company because they switched to owners.
*30:09*

**Emily Harden**: I like them because they're very nice.
*30:14*

**Emily Harden**: You might find a cheaper brand, but I don't think you can.
*30:16*

**Emily Harden**: Printing-wise, any time I printed paper, I used Radiant.
*30:21*

**Emily Harden**: I typically had enough credits to print it.
*30:27*

**Sam**: How much printing did you need to do?
*30:29*

**Emily Harden**: Not much.
*30:30*

**Emily Harden**: I printed a couple of signs to put in those poster things that just said,
*30:31*

**Emily Harden**: like, welcome, tickets, blah, blah, blah, blah.
*30:37*

**Sam**: Oh, what about brochures?
*30:39*

**Emily Harden**: I never have brochures.
*30:41*

**Sam**: Like conference schedules?
*30:43*

**Sam**: Oh, I guess that's just on the website.
*30:44*

**Sam**: It's on the website.
*30:46*

**Sam**: No, I like that.
*30:47*

**Emily Harden**: I didn't print much.
*30:48*

**Sam**: Yeah, that's what I want to do.
*30:49*

**Sam**: It's just like, because I don't have Emily time to do everything.
*30:50*

**Sam**: Yeah.
*30:54*

**Sam**: I'm just like, what can I do?
*30:55*

**Emily Harden**: And as long as you make the website friendly mobile program.
*30:57*

**Sam**: Okay.
*30:59*

**Emily Harden**: Have an iPad around.
*31:00*

**Emily Harden**: QR codes.
*31:01*

**Emily Harden**: Just one QR code.
*31:02*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*31:03*

**Emily Harden**: Okay.
*31:03*

**Emily Harden**: If you wanted to print bigger posters and stuff, that's a...
*31:05*

**Emily Harden**: I never really did that for 200K.
*31:08*

**Emily Harden**: I do it for Thunderblades, but not 200K.
*31:10*

**Emily Harden**: I did make 200K posters, and, like, you could make posters
*31:14*

**Emily Harden**: and print them at Gradient and post it at Gradient so that people will see it.
*31:18*

**Sam**: Oh, yeah, that's all right.
*31:22*

**Sam**: Okay, I need to add that to my attendee list, like, Gradient.
*31:23*

**Emily Harden**: I always also tried to give Gradient, like, a 10% discount with code Gradient.
*31:29*

**Emily Harden**: which Tito makes it really easy to do those kind of things.
*31:35*

**Sam**: And what is Gradient?
*31:38*

**Sam**: Like Gradient members?
*31:39*

**Sam**: Or Gradient staff?
*31:42*

**Emily Harden**: Anyone who was involved at Gradient
*31:44*

**Emily Harden**: who was the Gradient promo code
*31:46*

**Emily Harden**: is pretty much what I did.
*31:48*

**Sam**: Okay.
*31:49*

**Emily Harden**: No one ever took me up on it.
*31:50*

**Emily Harden**: Not a single person.
*31:51*

**Emily Harden**: I'll probably just skip that one.
*31:53*

**Emily Harden**: Oh, yeah?
*31:54*

**Emily Harden**: They, yeah.
*31:54*

**Emily Harden**: Like, I did promo codes for specific companies
*31:57*

**Emily Harden**: and specific people.
*31:59*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*32:00*

**Emily Harden**: Occasionally, they would use the promo code
*32:01*

**Emily Harden**: and occasionally, they wouldn't.
*32:03*

**Emily Harden**: But the fact that they have the promo code offered, I think, helped.
*32:05*

**Sam**: Oh, like the fact that it's theirs and it's in there.
*32:09*

**Emily Harden**: Yes.
*32:12*

**Sam**: People just forget to use it.
*32:12*

**Sam**: Yes.
*32:13*

**Sam**: Okay, I can see that.
*32:14*

**Emily Harden**: We always give junior devs a promo code if they were, like, new in the industry.
*32:16*

**Emily Harden**: So, like, if it's your first year out of college, you might not be able to afford a 200-OK ticket,
*32:23*

**Emily Harden**: so we'd give them a discount.
*32:27*

**Emily Harden**: Okay.
*32:28*

**Emily Harden**: And I always included students as anyone that's graduated in the past year,
*32:31*

**Emily Harden**: I let them do the student ticket.
*32:37*

**Emily Harden**: I'm pretty gracious with that stuff.
*32:39*

**Emily Harden**: Okay.
*32:41*

**Sam**: I feel like it's also kind of a lead, like it's kind of a draw.
*32:42*

**Emily Harden**: I'm glad they get what people are involved.
*32:52*

**Emily Harden**: Because I asked them to be more involved last year
*32:55*

**Emily Harden**: because they were unhappy with the year before.
*32:57*

**Emily Harden**: So I'm glad they're involved.
*33:00*

**Sam**: Like who's involved?
*33:04*

**Emily Harden**: GetWit in general.
*33:06*

**Emily Harden**: Like I think I had three or four people from GetWit who responded back to the survey.
*33:07*

**Sam**: Talks.
*33:13*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*33:14*

**Sam**: So GetWit, from what I'm understanding, GetWit team members were not too happy with the quality of the talks.
*33:16*

**Sam**: And GitWit's senior leadership is very eager to get access to software engineers, so they don't care.
*33:26*

**Sam**: And so it's more of just like it is what it is.
*33:33*

**Sam**: They're doing this venture studio.
*33:37*

**Sam**: They're desperately needing software engineers.
*33:39*

**Sam**: So it's like they're really prioritizing it and making it a space for them.
*33:41*

**Sam**: That's one of the vibe I'm getting from GitWit is that they don't just want to be our partners.
*33:45*

**Sam**: They don't just want to figure out how to work together.
*33:51*

**Sam**: They're like, no, we want to make a space for software engineers here.
*33:54*

**Emily Harden**: Okay.
*33:58*

**Emily Harden**: Well, if that's the case, then you might have to see if they're willing to sponsor, like,
*33:58*

**Emily Harden**: some students getting membership into Tech Mahoma or something like that, right?
*34:05*

**Emily Harden**: What would that look like?
*34:10*

**Emily Harden**: So let's say they have students apply for some sort of scholarship type thing,
*34:12*

**Emily Harden**: and then they get a free Tech Mahoma membership for the year or two years
*34:20*

**Emily Harden**: and get what pays for it.
*34:24*

**Sam**: Okay, that's interesting.
*34:26*

**Sam**: Yeah, make an action item out of that.
*34:27*

**Sam**: In my notes.
*34:29*

**Sam**: Okay, I think that's...
*34:34*

**Sam**: I think I got...
*34:35*

**Sam**: I mean, I think I still have some questions
*34:36*

**Sam**: about printing,
*34:37*

**Sam**: but I think I can...
*34:38*

**Sam**: Oh, food and catering.
*34:39*

**Emily Harden**: Katie,
*34:42*

**Emily Harden**: whole hockey.
*34:42*

**Sam**: Katie, say that again?
*34:43*

**Sam**: Whole hockey.
*34:44*

**Sam**: Whole hockey?
*34:45*

**Sam**: Yeah.
*34:46*

**Emily Harden**: I'll send you her info.
*34:47*

**Sam**: Does she have...
*34:48*

**Sam**: Does she have a name of her company?
*34:49*

**Emily Harden**: RG Foods.
*34:50*

**Sam**: RG Foods.
*34:51*

**Emily Harden**: Say it's Tech, Oklahoma.
*34:53*

**Sam**: Okay.
*34:54*

**Emily Harden**: She's not very responsive.
*34:55*

**Emily Harden**: But she is the cheapest, best caterer.
*34:57*

**Emily Harden**: Okay.
*35:00*

**Emily Harden**: Especially if we ask for there to be a couple of vegan and gluten-free options,
*35:02*

**Emily Harden**: and she always caters.
*35:06*

**Sam**: Okay.
*35:08*

**Sam**: Well, I was figuring I'd...
*35:09*

**Sam**: So my plan, especially with the sponsors,
*35:11*

**Sam**: because I wanted to hear everything from you first.
*35:15*

**Sam**: So, Chachubut Research told me a popular format is to do a menu of items for the sponsor.
*35:21*

**Sam**: So, sponsor breakfast, sponsor lunch, sponsor dinner.
*35:29*

**Emily Harden**: Like I was saying, yeah.
*35:31*

**Sam**: And then group those into larger packages.
*35:32*

**Sam**: So, like the 20K, you do all this.
*35:35*

**Sam**: 10K, you do all this.
*35:38*

**Emily Harden**: I posted on my thing all the, I'll make sure, I don't think it's updated.
*35:39*

**Emily Harden**: All the talks I'm giving, look at all those conference websites.
*35:44*

**Emily Harden**: Okay.
*35:46*

**Emily Harden**: Because that's pretty much what they do.
*35:48*

**Emily Harden**: I tried that.
*35:49*

**Emily Harden**: We try a little bit of everything every year.
*35:51*

**Emily Harden**: And the booth thing, people are like, I want a booth.
*35:57*

**Emily Harden**: I don't want a booth.
*36:00*

**Emily Harden**: No one fucking knows what they want.
*36:02*

**Emily Harden**: So you just kind of have to like, offer it.
*36:04*

**Emily Harden**: And then if they don't want it, cool.
*36:07*

**Emily Harden**: But have them confirm that they do or don't want it.
*36:09*

**Sam**: And then how does that, because I'm thinking like the table situation.
*36:15*

**Sam**: The venue usually provides the tables for all that?
*36:19*

**Sam**: Okay.
*36:22*

**Emily Harden**: And then we have a bunch of black tablecloths, so we don't have to pay extra for tablecloths.
*36:22*

**Emily Harden**: Where are those?
*36:25*

**Emily Harden**: Probably Oklahoma City.
*36:26*

**Emily Harden**: Okay.
*36:27*

**Emily Harden**: And we have a couple of Oklahoma tablecloths also.
*36:32*

**Sam**: I probably need to visit that Oklahoma City thing just to, like, see what's there.
*36:38*

**Sam**: Just the verge.
*36:43*

**Sam**: Just the verge.
*36:44*

**Sam**: Yeah.
*36:45*

**Sam**: Storage.
*36:45*

**Emily Harden**: And the Verge probably can't contribute financially, but they might be able to contribute something if you ask them.
*36:49*

**Emily Harden**: Like sharing about it to their community or their workspace.
*36:57*

**Sam**: Okay, no, yeah, that's good.
*37:04*

**Sam**: That's the slacks.
*37:06*

**Emily Harden**: The last thing I was going to say was Tulsa Tech.
*37:18*

**Emily Harden**: So, John Duffy recruited me to come interview students who are graduating the program for Tulsa Tech.
*37:21*

**Emily Harden**: I think that would be a great opportunity for Tech Holmans to interview people.
*37:32*

**Emily Harden**: I think Tech Holmans would do a better job interviewing them.
*37:38*

**Sam**: They asked me to do, I think I did that two or three times.
*37:40*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*37:44*

**Sam**: It was pretty cool.
*37:46*

**Sam**: It's just like it takes like, it basically takes a whole day.
*37:47*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah, I did the whole day.
*37:50*

**Emily Harden**: You could do a half day if you wanted.
*37:51*

**Emily Harden**: But if you wanted to offer reverse and do some sort of like Tech Mahoma is offering interview things here
*37:56*

**Emily Harden**: or here's our interview skills workshop or here's whatever,
*38:08*

**Emily Harden**: you could then see if Tulsa Tech was wanting to sponsor.
*38:13*

**Sam**: So.
*38:21*

**Sam**: How does Tulsa Tech sponsorship out?
*38:22*

**Sam**: What kind of things do they actually sponsor?
*38:24*

**Emily Harden**: That's a great question, and I never really got the answer.
*38:27*

**Sam**: I see the Tulsa Tech logo a gradient.
*38:30*

**Emily Harden**: Uh-huh, I do too.
*38:33*

**Sam**: So to me, it's like they're more, they sponsor a big sponsorship
*38:34*

**Sam**: for a handful of things,
*38:42*

**Sam**: not a lot of small sponsorship.
*38:44*

**Sam**: I'm like $5,000 sponsorship.
*38:46*

**Emily Harden**: I don't think so either.
*38:47*

**Emily Harden**: But it's still worth an ask.
*38:50*

**Emily Harden**: Even if it's like...
*38:51*

**Sam**: Who would be the person to ask?
*38:52*

**Emily Harden**: Not Amy, but I don't know who it is.
*38:54*

**Sam**: Not Amy?
*38:56*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah, Amy's always like,
*38:57*

**Emily Harden**: no, it's not me.
*38:58*

**Emily Harden**: It's her name.
*38:58*

**Emily Harden**: Insert department.
*39:00*

**Sam**: Okay, so I can ask Amy to tell you the department.
*39:02*

**Emily Harden**: Okay.
*39:05*

**Sam**: Make that an action item.
*39:06*

**Emily Harden**: All of the companies that have a lot of tech employees are good recruits for 200K, right?
*39:12*

**Emily Harden**: So, 101 Gas, they don't really send many people, but think about, like, any company that has IT people working with them,
*39:19*

**Emily Harden**: which is any company bigger than 40 in Tulsa.
*39:30*

**Emily Harden**: And you can look, Wikipedia has a giant list of all the companies in Tulsa.
*39:34*

**Emily Harden**: And I go through that list occasionally.
*39:38*

**Emily Harden**: Okay.
*39:40*

**Emily Harden**: Quick Trip, right?
*39:41*

**Emily Harden**: Like, there are tons of places.
*39:42*

**Sam**: So how do you connect with Quick Trip?
*39:44*

**Emily Harden**: I look online on their website.
*39:47*

**Emily Harden**: They've got, like, they have contact us things.
*39:49*

**Emily Harden**: They have things.
*39:52*

**Emily Harden**: And typically to find sponsorship for places.
*39:56*

**Emily Harden**: Quick Trip typically sponsors in terms of, like, they'll give us gift cards or something.
*39:59*

**Sam**: Yeah.
*40:04*

**Emily Harden**: the sponsorship links for websites are typically in really weird places so
*40:08*

**Emily Harden**: it's in corporate responsibility or in careers or about us
*40:15*

**Emily Harden**: I don't know why that's where it is or the very bottom I don't know the footer
*40:24*

**Emily Harden**: the footer sometimes has it um and sometimes you just google it you just ask if they sponsor it
*40:30*

**Sam**: yeah i was about to say that sounds like a judge of ect thing oh yeah it could probably
*40:36*

**Emily Harden**: let it find that on the website oh it could definitely do better than i did with my random
*40:39*

**Emily Harden**: searching um i'll say if you're wanting to sponsor that someone you don't know uh
*40:44*

**Sam**: who got a contact like three months in advance yeah that's what i was like i missed my timing with
*40:52*

**Sam**: I called her last week and she was or I texted her last week and she was like
*40:59*

**Sam**: yeah just we locked on the but we like on the budget in December so I find
*41:04*

**Sam**: actually she's gonna find she's gonna find extra funds for progress
*41:09*

**Sam**: that's cool I might ask
*41:16*

**Sam**: I might ask
*41:21*

**Sam**: April
*41:24*

**Sam**: if there's somebody
*41:25*

**Sam**: I should contact
*41:26*

**Sam**: Microsoft
*41:26*

**Sam**: that would be
*41:27*

**Sam**: interesting
*41:27*

**Sam**: and then
*41:29*

**Sam**: I kind of
*41:30*

**Sam**: want to ask
*41:31*

**Sam**: Kevin
*41:32*

**Sam**: I liked the
*41:33*

**Emily Harden**: letter to the
*41:35*

**Emily Harden**: boss thing
*41:35*

**Emily Harden**: where you put
*41:37*

**Emily Harden**: on your website
*41:38*

**Emily Harden**: here's a letter
*41:39*

**Emily Harden**: to your boss
*41:40*

**Emily Harden**: that you can
*41:41*

**Emily Harden**: send
*41:41*

**Sam**: that's good
*41:42*

**Emily Harden**: we have one
*41:44*

**Emily Harden**: like you can
*41:45*

**Emily Harden**: find them
*41:46*

**Emily Harden**: like KCDC
*41:47*

**Emily Harden**: always does one
*41:48*

**Sam**: that's for
*41:49*

**Sam**: employees who
*41:50*

**Sam**: want to attend
*41:51*

**Sam**: right
*41:51*

**Sam**: okay
*41:54*

**Sam**: I always liked that.
*41:55*

**Sam**: Make letter to the boss an action item.
*41:56*

**Emily Harden**: I think we had one last year.
*42:04*

**Sam**: We can just put that right on the website.
*42:07*

**Emily Harden**: People love that.
*42:10*

**Emily Harden**: They're like, oh, I want to attend,
*42:11*

**Emily Harden**: and this is how I tell my boss to attend.
*42:12*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah, I'm trying to think if there's anything else
*42:19*

**Emily Harden**: off the top of my head.
*42:21*

**Emily Harden**: I think I have.
*42:23*

**Sam**: Stretch.
*42:39*

**Emily Harden**: Oh, yeah.
*42:45*

**Emily Harden**: So, best practice tips from it.
*42:46*

**Emily Harden**: And here's conference best practice.
*42:49*

**Sam**: I always forget to look up, try to look up some of this stuff.
*42:51*

**Emily Harden**: Questions to ask speakers upon selection.
*42:56*

**Emily Harden**: So this is the speaker confirmation stuff.
*43:00*

**Emily Harden**: So there's some stuff around.
*43:05*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*43:15*

**Sam**: I feel like there's so much more on it.
*43:20*

**Sam**: Oh, the last thing I was going to ask, what capacity?
*43:21*

**Sam**: Do you want to stay stealth and just be the person that Sam asks?
*43:28*

**Emily Harden**: I'm happy to be that.
*43:35*

**Emily Harden**: I'm happy to help a little.
*43:38*

**Sam**: Like, for example, I want to do an initial meeting.
*43:44*

**Sam**: I'm just pulling as many people as I can for planning and like,
*43:48*

**Sam**: like picking roles of like what people are going to do.
*43:53*

**Sam**: Would you want to be in on that?
*43:56*

**Emily Harden**: I'm trying to think what's best for the org.
*44:00*

**Sam**: Because I don't,
*44:02*

**Sam**: the one,
*44:02*

**Sam**: what I don't want to do is like,
*44:03*

**Sam**: I don't want to fall into the muscle,
*44:04*

**Sam**: maybe with Max or whoever.
*44:07*

**Sam**: I'm just like,
*44:08*

**Sam**: Oh,
*44:09*

**Sam**: Emily's here.
*44:09*

**Sam**: So she's going to do,
*44:09*

**Emily Harden**: that's my concern.
*44:10*

**Sam**: She's going to do what she did.
*44:11*

**Emily Harden**: Right.
*44:13*

**Sam**: It's like,
*44:13*

**Sam**: no,
*44:13*

**Sam**: it's more just like your primary role is more just,
*44:14*

**Sam**: Here's what we did last time.
*44:18*

**Sam**: Here's the best practice.
*44:20*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*44:22*

**Emily Harden**: I think if I...
*44:22*

**Emily Harden**: I would be open to attending.
*44:26*

**Emily Harden**: I think if I attend, it would be a...
*44:28*

**Emily Harden**: I am not here...
*44:32*

**Emily Harden**: I'm not signing up for any tasks.
*44:34*

**Sam**: Maybe we...
*44:36*

**Sam**: Well, no.
*44:40*

**Sam**: That's what I was thinking.
*44:40*

**Sam**: instead of inviting people to like volunteer for roles,
*44:44*

**Sam**: I think I was just going to assign everyone a role and then your role will be
*44:48*

**Sam**: advisor.
*44:52*

**Emily Harden**: Yep.
*44:53*

**Emily Harden**: And I'm happy to like help with like this kind of thing,
*44:53*

**Emily Harden**: like happy to help with that.
*44:58*

**Emily Harden**: Anything more than that,
*45:01*

**Emily Harden**: then I think I'm veering into,
*45:02*

**Emily Harden**: do I need to be branding myself as hard and consulting at this and that kind
*45:07*

**Emily Harden**: of thing.
*45:10*

**Emily Harden**: with this one.
*45:13*

**Sam**: We can do,
*45:14*

**Sam**: I mean,
*45:14*

**Sam**: that's also an option.
*45:16*

**Sam**: We can do an in-kind sponsor
*45:17*

**Sam**: and have hard-of-consulting.
*45:19*

**Sam**: I think,
*45:20*

**Sam**: actually,
*45:20*

**Sam**: I think we need to do that
*45:21*

**Sam**: no matter what.
*45:21*

**Sam**: Have hard-of-consulting
*45:23*

**Sam**: as an in-kind sponsor
*45:23*

**Sam**: because you're already,
*45:24*

**Sam**: you're already,
*45:25*

**Sam**: you just devoted an hour.
*45:26*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*45:28*

**Emily Harden**: And I'm,
*45:29*

**Emily Harden**: I mean,
*45:29*

**Emily Harden**: that'd be cool.
*45:30*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*45:32*

**Emily Harden**: I might,
*45:33*

**Emily Harden**: that might be okay.
*45:34*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*45:38*

**Emily Harden**: I'd be down for,
*45:38*

**Emily Harden**: I keep forgetting,
*45:40*

**Sam**: I need to also
*45:41*

**Sam**: put Act House
*45:42*

**Emily Harden**: sponsor because I'm doing an amount of company time.
*45:43*

**Sam**: It's just like the frustrating part is like people like Ole Man and Loki and Lawrence
*45:52*

**Sam**: ask about, okay, can we do this?
*46:03*

**Sam**: And you're just like, man, that's for a full-time employee.
*46:04*

**Sam**: I'm already pushing the limits.
*46:10*

**Emily Harden**: yeah i will say don't push yourself too much that's why i was like
*46:15*

**Emily Harden**: take breaks it is not your full-time job you're a board member you're not expected to be on slack
*46:24*

**Emily Harden**: 24 7 for tech yeah um something i specifically had to think about with Ole Man is Ole Man is not
*46:30*

**Sam**: your boss. That's what I was like, because we've been doing the, we've been doing the
*46:38*

**Sam**: board AMAs, and I kind of want to just, it feels like, it feels like the only reason,
*46:44*

**Sam**: not even like the biggest reason, like the only reason the board AMAs is because of Ole Man.
*46:51*

**Sam**: She's on every single one of them. But one person being like the squeaky wheel that drives
*46:57*

**Sam**: what Tech Warmba does
*47:06*

**Sam**: as an organization
*47:08*

**Sam**: does not
*47:09*

**Sam**: seem fair to me.
*47:10*

**Sam**: I was thinking
*47:12*

**Sam**: it was like
*47:13*

**Sam**: we need
*47:13*

**Sam**: I almost want to
*47:14*

**Sam**: convert the board AMAs
*47:15*

**Sam**: into a
*47:16*

**Sam**: board one-on-one.
*47:18*

**Emily Harden**: Is she the only one?
*47:19*

**Sam**: One person.
*47:20*

**Sam**: Like
*47:21*

**Sam**: people get to volunteer
*47:22*

**Sam**: and one person
*47:23*

**Sam**: gets to talk
*47:24*

**Sam**: to one board member
*47:25*

**Sam**: everyone.
*47:26*

**Emily Harden**: Oh, interesting.
*47:29*

**Sam**: And so it's just like
*47:30*

**Sam**: that
*47:32*

**Sam**: you know
*47:32*

**Sam**: whoever
*47:32*

**Sam**: some kind of metric
*47:33*

**Sam**: where it's like
*47:34*

**Sam**: whoever really needs
*47:35*

**Sam**: talk to the board the most they get to go through but also it's like it's it's gonna be unfair if
*47:36*

**Sam**: it's the same person every month so what because the board i made is it's just like no one's no
*47:42*

**Emily Harden**: one's excited to do no one's going to them there's i had to do the last i had to do the last one
*47:50*

**Sam**: just like they're just like they can't always and then there was even a comment like well
*47:55*

**Sam**: that's not fair you already did one I just like yeah and then the other part is like it's hard for
*47:59*

**Sam**: it's hard to pull on new board members Daniel did really good but for a board member hasn't
*48:07*

**Sam**: done before like come on and Ole Man's first question is what do you what exactly do you do
*48:13*

**Emily Harden**: and it's just like yeah okay so I don't know that board maybe the board member AMA is on
*48:18*

**Emily Harden**: the ask an expert AMA I think happen thank you but they've been on to do one
*48:28*

**Emily Harden**: tomorrow maybe you do a board member AMA where it's three board members there
*48:33*

**Sam**: that's not just one we could we could probably that way it's not
*48:40*

**Emily Harden**: and you only do it once every quarter once every so that was that would be a
*48:49*

**Sam**: a lot better.
*48:53*

**Emily Harden**: Right?
*48:53*

**Emily Harden**: And submit your questions beforehand.
*48:54*

**Sam**: Yeah.
*48:57*

**Emily Harden**: And, like,
*48:59*

**Emily Harden**: because the AMAs
*49:00*

**Emily Harden**: are relatively new.
*49:01*

**Emily Harden**: It was testing it out.
*49:02*

**Emily Harden**: It's okay
*49:04*

**Emily Harden**: if you say no
*49:05*

**Emily Harden**: or change it
*49:05*

**Emily Harden**: or you do whatever.
*49:06*

**Emily Harden**: Right?
*49:07*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*49:07*

**Sam**: The big thing,
*49:10*

**Sam**: the big demand,
*49:10*

**Sam**: which
*49:11*

**Sam**: we obviously got from Kim
*49:13*

**Sam**: for the time I got.
*49:14*

**Sam**: So I've been doing
*49:16*

**Sam**: one-on-one conversations
*49:17*

**Sam**: with certain people.
*49:18*

**Sam**: I want to do one
*49:19*

**Sam**: with Aaron tomorrow
*49:20*

**Sam**: after his AMA.
*49:22*

**Sam**: I did one with Lawrence
*49:23*

**Sam**: who's with Loki on Slack
*49:25*

**Sam**: and they gave me a lot of
*49:28*

**Sam**: good feedback
*49:30*

**Sam**: a lot of similar feedback
*49:30*

**Sam**: to Ole Man
*49:32*

**Sam**: so it's just like
*49:33*

**Sam**: they don't know what the board does
*49:33*

**Sam**: yeah so I can
*49:35*

**Sam**: so I can overlap that
*49:35*

**Sam**: and be like okay
*49:36*

**Sam**: and just filter through
*49:37*

**Sam**: like okay what's
*49:38*

**Sam**: what's just Ole Man
*49:40*

**Sam**: driving frustration
*49:41*

**Sam**: and what's
*49:42*

**Sam**: what's a thing like
*49:44*

**Sam**: that's actually like
*49:44*

**Sam**: in the community
*49:45*

**Emily Harden**: yeah
*49:46*

**Sam**: because that's the other part
*49:47*

**Sam**: I'm concerned
*49:48*

**Sam**: I'm concerned
*49:49*

**Sam**: Ole Man's almost asking
*49:50*

**Sam**: like I
*49:52*

**Sam**: it's like she's she's community rep no no no she is exercising control
*49:53*

**Sam**: over like what we do on behalf of the community but nobody elected her to do that
*50:01*

**Sam**: um and so that's where i'm like should the board i made what i made should be one-on-one
*50:11*

**Sam**: so people can talk one-on-one and then that's interesting and then like they're like if it's
*50:16*

**Sam**: somebody who wants to like go back in the community and answer the questions they can do it it's like
*50:20*

**Sam**: but it feels like specific people it's it's like less than a dozen people who are working who are
*50:24*

**Sam**: like have frustrations and everybody just everybody else is just cool right so it's like we get those
*50:29*

**Emily Harden**: dozen not down we did conversations with them but they're gonna come back for more that's the problem
*50:35*

**Emily Harden**: yes even if you solve the problem they'll have a new problem so it's like
*50:42*

**Emily Harden**: so
*50:49*

**Sam**: who elected these people
*50:50*

**Sam**: to like
*50:53*

**Emily Harden**: Ole Man's the only one that like
*50:54*

**Sam**: the other part of it will be interesting
*50:56*

**Sam**: around the next
*50:59*

**Sam**: I was thinking about
*51:00*

**Sam**: I was going to try to fight for like
*51:02*

**Sam**: you know the coffee and coat thing
*51:04*

**Sam**: you know about leaving
*51:07*

**Emily Harden**: Ole Man left yeah
*51:09*

**Sam**: no it's like she's taking coffee and coat with her
*51:10*

**Emily Harden**: right she brought it in she's taking it out
*51:12*

**Sam**: oh okay
*51:15*

**Sam**: that makes sense
*51:16*

**Sam**: she's communicated that
*51:18*

**Sam**: that's kind of her
*51:20*

**Sam**: like
*51:20*

**Sam**: her way of
*51:22*

**Sam**: like exiting
*51:23*

**Sam**: tech home in a sense
*51:24*

**Sam**: or reducing
*51:25*

**Sam**: which is like
*51:26*

**Sam**: okay well
*51:27*

**Sam**: let's
*51:27*

**Sam**: like around the next
*51:28*

**Sam**: term of the year
*51:29*

**Sam**: like let's
*51:29*

**Sam**: let's see that
*51:31*

**Sam**: she's like
*51:32*

**Sam**: I'm curious when
*51:35*

**Sam**: she
*51:36*

**Sam**: like
*51:38*

**Sam**: pulls away
*51:39*

**Sam**: what is that
*51:40*

**Emily Harden**: she's been pulling away
*51:42*

**Emily Harden**: for five years
*51:43*

**Emily Harden**: okay
*51:46*

**Sam**: Sorry to tell you.
*51:47*

**Sam**: Maybe it's more, I need to have a conversation and say, Ole Man, what do you want your boundaries to be?
*51:47*

**Sam**: What do you want to not have to be?
*51:56*

**Sam**: What makes you sad?
*51:58*

**Sam**: And like, we're going to set rules and no one else will be able to pull you into that.
*52:01*

**Emily Harden**: You can try.
*52:09*

**Emily Harden**: I can show you dozens of conversations.
*52:10*

**Emily Harden**: I'll be telling Ole Man, just tell them no.
*52:14*

**Emily Harden**: Ole Man, if they quit Takahama, that's fine.
*52:17*

**Emily Harden**: Let them quit.
*52:20*

**Emily Harden**: She does.
*52:22*

**Emily Harden**: She will still complain.
*52:23*

**Emily Harden**: It's a Ole Man issue that's not going to get resolved.
*52:25*

**Emily Harden**: I don't know how to help you tell you this.
*52:29*

**Emily Harden**: She is Ole Man and she is her.
*52:33*

**Sam**: To me, the thing that...
*52:35*

**Sam**: Maybe this has been tried.
*52:37*

**Sam**: But the magic trick that I want to try with her...
*52:39*

**Sam**: I know this is a thing.
*52:43*

**Sam**: I've seen Dominic Arbus do this.
*52:45*

**Sam**: is to
*52:48*

**Sam**: incept an idea
*52:49*

**Sam**: into somebody's head
*52:49*

**Sam**: and then get them
*52:50*

**Sam**: to like propose
*52:51*

**Sam**: that idea to them.
*52:52*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*52:53*

**Sam**: It's just like
*52:54*

**Sam**: man Ole Man
*52:55*

**Sam**: it feels like
*52:55*

**Sam**: sometimes it just
*52:56*

**Sam**: feels like you just
*52:56*

**Sam**: need
*52:57*

**Sam**: I feel like your
*52:58*

**Sam**: life would be so much
*52:59*

**Sam**: better if you just
*53:00*

**Sam**: did nothing
*53:01*

**Sam**: with Tyco Homer
*53:02*

**Sam**: for six months.
*53:02*

**Sam**: I don't know
*53:06*

**Sam**: that's
*53:06*

**Sam**: that would be
*53:07*

**Sam**: kind of ridiculous
*53:08*

**Sam**: Ole Man.
*53:10*

**Sam**: I don't know.
*53:10*

**Sam**: I know you're like
*53:11*

**Sam**: so committed
*53:11*

**Emily Harden**: that you can't
*53:12*

**Sam**: get away from
*53:13*

**Sam**: you're just like
*53:13*

**Sam**: well something
*53:16*

**Sam**: like that.
*53:16*

**Emily Harden**: I'm going to try.
*53:16*

**Sam**: That.
*53:18*

**Sam**: And just like get
*53:21*

**Sam**: get her
*53:22*

**Sam**: get it to be her idea.
*53:23*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*53:26*

**Emily Harden**: To full level.
*53:26*

**Emily Harden**: You can try.
*53:28*

**Sam**: Because it's
*53:31*

**Sam**: it's just like
*53:31*

**Sam**: it's just like
*53:32*

**Emily Harden**: I just don't want you
*53:32*

**Emily Harden**: to put a ton
*53:34*

**Emily Harden**: like don't put a ton
*53:35*

**Emily Harden**: of effort into trying
*53:36*

**Emily Harden**: to fix her.
*53:37*

**Sam**: Well the hard part is like
*53:37*

**Sam**: she's still pulling
*53:38*

**Sam**: like we did
*53:40*

**Sam**: she still has an effect
*53:41*

**Sam**: on the community.
*53:42*

**Emily Harden**: Yes.
*53:43*

**Sam**: Like we
*53:43*

**Sam**: what was it
*53:45*

**Sam**: One of the user group leaders said, like, hey, how do I take myself off of the meetup.com group?
*53:45*

**Sam**: And I was like, dang.
*53:53*

**Sam**: And I read it, and it was posted, like, an hour or two before.
*53:55*

**Sam**: And then Ole Man put, like, a crickets reaction on it.
*54:00*

**Sam**: She's like, what?
*54:04*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*54:06*

**Emily Harden**: So you can try and do the thing that I did occasionally where, especially when I wasn't working full time,
*54:07*

**Emily Harden**: where I was like, hey, just a reminder, this is entirely, to post an announcement,
*54:12*

**Emily Harden**: just a reminder, this is an entirely volunteer-led effort.
*54:18*

**Emily Harden**: If you ask for a request, keep in mind it's going to take 24 to 48 hours minimum
*54:21*

**Emily Harden**: for something to get addressed, unless it's incredibly painless.
*54:26*

**Emily Harden**: I mean, don't lose that word, but you know what I'm saying.
*54:31*

**Sam**: Do you have those same somewhere?
*54:36*

**Emily Harden**: No, I just kind of chat.
*54:38*

**Sam**: Remind me to look up Emily's post about, you know, instant replies.
*54:40*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*54:47*

**Sam**: I want to look at that.
*54:49*

**Sam**: I don't know.
*54:50*

**Sam**: That just feels, to me, it's just too obvious that it's passively talking to people.
*54:52*

**Emily Harden**: I always say we've got a few.
*54:59*

**Emily Harden**: It wasn't just you.
*55:01*

**Emily Harden**: That kind of stuff.
*55:03*

**Emily Harden**: Right?
*55:04*

**Emily Harden**: Like, multiple people have been submitting blah, blah, blah.
*55:05*

**Emily Harden**: Even though it's just hard, I would have said multiple.
*55:08*

**Sam**: That stuff still feels like...
*55:13*

**Emily Harden**: It is.
*55:15*

**Sam**: There's a little bit like...
*55:16*

**Sam**: You read that and you're like...
*55:17*

**Sam**: The word reads that, Ole Man reads that.
*55:19*

**Sam**: It's just like...
*55:21*

**Emily Harden**: She, I don't think, has the self-awareness to know that that's better.
*55:23*

**Emily Harden**: I feel like...
*55:27*

**Emily Harden**: I...
*55:29*

**Emily Harden**: I have left Oklahoma now.
*55:31*

**Sam**: I...
*55:33*

**Sam**: Do you still get bothered?
*55:36*

**Sam**: No.
*55:37*

**Sam**: Oh, okay.
*55:38*

**Emily Harden**: I was for like the first week or two after that, but after that, no.
*55:38*

**Emily Harden**: Occasionally, I think.
*55:45*

**Emily Harden**: Nothing from her.
*55:47*

**Emily Harden**: I just...
*55:50*

**Emily Harden**: She needs to know who to ask each particular question she has to.
*55:53*

**Emily Harden**: And she needs to know the answer to every question she has within 10 minutes.
*55:59*

**Emily Harden**: And if she has the same question as the person, that's why she replied cricket.
*56:04*

**Emily Harden**: Because she didn't know the answer.
*56:09*

**Emily Harden**: Right?
*56:12*

**Emily Harden**: If she doesn't have the answer, then she thinks, wow, someone should have had that answer for me.
*56:12*

**Emily Harden**: And I should have known that answer already.
*56:18*

**Emily Harden**: And...
*56:21*

**Emily Harden**: I don't know.
*56:27*

**Emily Harden**: I don't know what to tell you, man.
*56:28*

**Emily Harden**: Like, it's...
*56:29*

**Emily Harden**: It's been a drain for five years.
*56:32*

**Sam**: No, it's like a drain on the board.
*56:34*

**Sam**: It's a drain on the community.
*56:36*

**Sam**: And it's more like, I want to set up, I want to plan on a conversation.
*56:39*

**Sam**: Like a worst case scenario where we just have a meeting with Pemberley.
*56:46*

**Sam**: Like a, you can't participate in the type of homework.
*56:48*

**Sam**: And then reverse engineer that with like a series of like community expectations.
*56:52*

**Sam**: You can't do crickets on like the flu.
*56:59*

**Sam**: you have to communicate.
*57:02*

**Emily Harden**: I'm also curious about this.
*57:05*

**Emily Harden**: It's a lot better than Perkins.
*57:06*

**Sam**: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
*57:08*

**Sam**: And it's reverse engineering,
*57:09*

**Sam**: this kind of pattern,
*57:12*

**Sam**: like one example,
*57:14*

**Sam**: just trying to have a conversation with her
*57:14*

**Sam**: and trying to do the incept thing
*57:18*

**Sam**: where it just tried to make it her idea.
*57:22*

**Sam**: And it just costs so much energy
*57:26*

**Sam**: and so much, like, motivation.
*57:31*

**Sam**: Especially, like, it's going to be a dream on any board members.
*57:34*

**Sam**: And it's just like there's a...
*57:38*

**Sam**: It's not super tangible, but it's a little tangible cost
*57:41*

**Sam**: to just tolerating that.
*57:47*

**Emily Harden**: Kendall's the one who was like,
*57:50*

**Emily Harden**: hey, you don't work for Ole Man.
*57:52*

**Emily Harden**: And he was like, ugh.
*57:53*

**Emily Harden**: And that kind of, like...
*57:56*

**Sam**: Oh, like, kind of come to Jesus.
*57:57*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*58:00*

**Sam**: with you?
*58:00*

**Emily Harden**: But,
*58:02*

**Emily Harden**: you know, I don't know if you know this,
*58:05*

**Emily Harden**: Ole Man was on the board.
*58:07*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah. And was asked to leave.
*58:08*

**Emily Harden**: The board? Yes.
*58:11*

**Emily Harden**: And did she leave?
*58:13*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah, she left the board.
*58:15*

**Emily Harden**: I don't know if she was kicked off
*58:16*

**Emily Harden**: or was asked to leave.
*58:18*

**Emily Harden**: She was no longer allowed on the board
*58:19*

**Emily Harden**: because of this.
*58:21*

**Emily Harden**: So now she's a user
*58:24*

**Emily Harden**: group leader, except for she's not anymore.
*58:25*

**Emily Harden**: Right? So come January
*58:27*

**Emily Harden**: one she does not running a user group kick her out of the user right so kick her out of the user
*58:30*

**Emily Harden**: organized channel i always did a cleanup of the user organized channel that's that's a good idea
*58:37*

**Emily Harden**: um but then i'll tell you what her feedback is going to be that she's part of she codes okc
*58:45*

**Emily Harden**: but she's not one of their official leaders so sorry we're only keeping official leaders on here
*58:50*

**Sam**: you know um i don't want to but to me like that's still it's playing into this game of like
*58:58*

**Sam**: she knows the rules too well
*59:06*

**Sam**: and there needs to be there almost needs to be a like people outside the board don't like this
*59:12*

**Sam**: Like, there's no rule about this other than this is a vet.
*59:23*

**Sam**: Like, there was, like, I was walking with Jansen, like, the lawyer.
*59:27*

**Sam**: I was asking him all these questions about, like, weird laws.
*59:31*

**Sam**: I'm just like, what if I dropped ice on the ground?
*59:35*

**Sam**: Can I get a ticket for littering?
*59:39*

**Sam**: He's like, no.
*59:40*

**Sam**: He's like, okay, but what if I dump a dump truck of ice on the ground?
*59:41*

**Sam**: He's like, there is a law for, like, just general nuisance.
*59:44*

**Sam**: Yeah.
*59:48*

**Sam**: That they can just use for whatever they want.
*59:48*

**Sam**: I was like, if there's just a general nuisance, kind of like community nuisance thing, that could be, I mean, we would probably have to put that in the bylaws before the end of the year.
*59:50*

**Sam**: but just this kind of like staged like hey we're setting these expectations just like we gotta
*01:00:05*

**Sam**: provide feedback that
*01:00:17*

**Emily Harden**: people are these are the posts that she's the only one that seems to be getting all this information
*01:00:20*

**Emily Harden**: And is she speaking for the people or is she speaking for people?
*01:00:32*

**Sam**: That's what I'm trying to figure out.
*01:00:35*

**Sam**: Because that's why I'm talking.
*01:00:36*

**Sam**: That's why I talk to Laura.
*01:00:37*

**Sam**: That's why I talk with Aaron.
*01:00:38*

**Sam**: Or I'm going to talk with Aaron.
*01:00:40*

**Sam**: Because if there's feedback from other people,
*01:00:50*

**Sam**: I'm just like, even the feedback of like,
*01:00:52*

**Sam**: I don't even want to bother with her.
*01:00:54*

**Sam**: I'll just go along with whatever she says.
*01:00:56*

**Sam**: That's a kind of feedback.
*01:01:00*

**Sam**: So that's something we can build an action from.
*01:01:02*

**Sam**: But it's like, if she's going to be slippery,
*01:01:12*

**Sam**: there's always going to be a way she gets out.
*01:01:15*

**Sam**: Then ultimately, it just kind of has to be...
*01:01:19*

**Sam**: Somebody has to be the bad guy and just like,
*01:01:21*

**Sam**: okay, I'm kicking you out of ten moment.
*01:01:23*

**Sam**: As like the ultimate, like the last resort.
*01:01:28*

**Sam**: Is your parking still good?
*01:01:45*

**Emily Harden**: No, but it's right there.
*01:01:47*

**Emily Harden**: Is there a parking person?
*01:01:49*

**Emily Harden**: Did you say parking person?
*01:01:50*

**Sam**: Around this time, they can.
*01:01:51*

**Sam**: They might be out.
*01:01:52*

**Sam**: Just add an hour to it.
*01:01:53*

**Sam**: Just in case.
*01:01:54*

**Sam**: Every once in a while, they'll get you.
*01:01:57*

**Sam**: It's very rare that they'll get you like within 10 minutes of your inspiring, but it's just like
*01:02:01*

**Sam**: I've gotten one ticket and I almost got a ticket the other day.
*01:02:09*

**Sam**: They are on it.
*01:02:13*

**Emily Harden**: I actually used my gift cards out of money, so it's worth.
*01:02:17*

**Emily Harden**: I need to delete that from my Apple wallet.
*01:02:24*

**Sam**: What kind of gift cards go into Apple Wallet?
*01:02:30*

**Sam**: Visa gift card.
*01:02:32*

**Sam**: Oh.
*01:02:34*

**Emily Harden**: I was like, I don't know what to use this for, so I used it for parking.
*01:02:41*

**Emily Harden**: Because it was like 20 bucks, and I was like...
*01:02:46*

**Emily Harden**: So I used it for parking, I used it for QT,
*01:02:50*

**Emily Harden**: And eventually, last week at QT, it was like, only a dollar went through.
*01:02:54*

**Emily Harden**: You have $1.50 left to spend.
*01:02:58*

**Emily Harden**: Like $1.50 you still owe.
*01:03:00*

**Emily Harden**: And I was like, perfect.
*01:03:02*

**Emily Harden**: Now I know it's empty.
*01:03:03*

**Emily Harden**: You used every last penny of it.
*01:03:05*

**Emily Harden**: I mean, we've spent 30 minutes talking about that right now, right?
*01:03:17*

**Emily Harden**: So I think spending a little bit of time on it is fine,
*01:03:23*

**Emily Harden**: but don't spend the majority of your time on it.
*01:03:29*

**Emily Harden**: No, you're right.
*01:03:32*

**Emily Harden**: And then occasionally you'll have additional people that,
*01:03:35*

**Emily Harden**: for lack of a better term, pull a Ole Man for a little while,
*01:03:45*

**Emily Harden**: but they don't last long and they're fine.
*01:03:48*

**Emily Harden**: And then eventually they typically get mad and cause some sort of conduct issue, and then you kick them out.
*01:03:52*

**Emily Harden**: That's the other thing.
*01:04:04*

**Emily Harden**: I do print the code of conduct, and I do have that visible at every conference.
*01:04:05*

**Emily Harden**: And I always put up a voter release page on the front of every door.
*01:04:14*

**Emily Harden**: so that I can take photos
*01:04:24*

**Emily Harden**: of them and post them publicly.
*01:04:26*

**Sam**: I'm going to do something real quick.
*01:04:32*

**Sam**: We're going to let Chet G.P.T. figure that one out.
*01:04:34*

**Emily Harden**: I think
*01:04:40*

**Emily Harden**: she's not being mindful
*01:04:41*

**Emily Harden**: or the
*01:04:43*

**Emily Harden**: thing that
*01:04:44*

**Emily Harden**: can align with.
*01:04:47*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah, a little bit.
*01:04:48*

**Emily Harden**: A little bit of that.
*01:04:49*

**Sam**: Anyway
*01:04:54*

**Sam**: We'll let Chet BGT figure that out
*01:04:55*

**Emily Harden**: There you go
*01:04:57*

**Sam**: Anything conference wise
*01:04:59*

**Sam**: Anything
*01:05:00*

**Sam**: Anything you think
*01:05:01*

**Sam**: It's important to know
*01:05:04*

**Sam**: Any documents I should look at
*01:05:06*

**Emily Harden**: I typically refund tickets
*01:05:07*

**Emily Harden**: If someone needs it
*01:05:09*

**Emily Harden**: Okay
*01:05:11*

**Sam**: Oh but that's optional
*01:05:12*

**Emily Harden**: It is optional
*01:05:14*

**Emily Harden**: Okay
*01:05:15*

**Sam**: I mean I think
*01:05:15*

**Sam**: I think it would make sense
*01:05:16*

**Sam**: Because I don't think
*01:05:17*

**Emily Harden**: I would say no refunds
*01:05:17*

**Emily Harden**: but like one time someone broke their leg.
*01:05:19*

**Emily Harden**: Like, yeah, I'm going to agree with that.
*01:05:21*

**Emily Harden**: That kind of thing.
*01:05:23*

**Emily Harden**: We don't typically have many.
*01:05:23*

**Emily Harden**: It's like one or two in the conference.
*01:05:24*

**Sam**: Yeah.
*01:05:26*

**Emily Harden**: Or changing names of the attendees,
*01:05:29*

**Emily Harden**: especially with companies.
*01:05:32*

**Emily Harden**: People do that a lot.
*01:05:33*

**Emily Harden**: They're like, oh, Sue's going to go.
*01:05:34*

**Emily Harden**: I'm just kidding.
*01:05:35*

**Emily Harden**: Bob's going.
*01:05:36*

**Emily Harden**: It's fine.
*01:05:37*

**Emily Harden**: If they're buying six tickets, four tickets,
*01:05:40*

**Emily Harden**: I try and give them a discount.
*01:05:45*

**Emily Harden**: Sometimes it puts us at a discount.
*01:05:48*

**Emily Harden**: Love that.
*01:05:50*

**Emily Harden**: Make sure if you do any sort of drawing,
*01:05:57*

**Emily Harden**: you refer to it as a drawing and not a raffle.
*01:05:59*

**Sam**: Oh, because that's like a legal thing.
*01:06:02*

**Sam**: It's like one is gambling, one is just...
*01:06:04*

**Emily Harden**: Correct.
*01:06:06*

**Emily Harden**: Like a fun thing.
*01:06:07*

**Emily Harden**: Everyone loves the t-shirts.
*01:06:10*

**Emily Harden**: I do think t-shirts make sense.
*01:06:12*

**Emily Harden**: I think there is a
*01:06:14*

**Emily Harden**: potential that you could do like
*01:06:19*

**Emily Harden**: say the first 50 attendees get t-shirts
*01:06:21*

**Emily Harden**: or something along those lines.
*01:06:24*

**Sam**: First people who buy tickets or first people who show up?
*01:06:25*

**Emily Harden**: First people who buy tickets I would say
*01:06:28*

**Emily Harden**: because
*01:06:30*

**Emily Harden**: it's a gamble when you order t-shirts
*01:06:32*

**Emily Harden**: on how many you're ordering
*01:06:34*

**Emily Harden**: because you're ordering six weeks in advance.
*01:06:35*

**Emily Harden**: The sizes you're ordering, everything.
*01:06:37*

**Emily Harden**: So to say the first 50
*01:06:41*

**Emily Harden**: you might have, or first 25, or first whatever, you might have more of an idea of a ticket,
*01:06:43*

**Emily Harden**: of a t-shirt sizes.
*01:06:48*

**Emily Harden**: We also, at one point, opted to let people checkmark if they didn't want their t-shirt,
*01:06:54*

**Emily Harden**: they wanted to consider the main portion of their ticket to be a donation to Tech,
*01:07:02*

**Emily Harden**: so like, the fact that you're not getting a t-shirt is helping Tech, right?
*01:07:06*

**Emily Harden**: We only had like two or three people checkmark that box.
*01:07:13*

**Sam**: I almost wish, I don't know if Tito does this.
*01:07:16*

**Sam**: There was a, there's this company called Humble Bundle.
*01:07:18*

**Emily Harden**: Yes.
*01:07:23*

**Sam**: Yeah, they let you choose your price of how much you want to pay.
*01:07:24*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*01:07:27*

**Sam**: Because it's all non-profit.
*01:07:27*

**Emily Harden**: Right.
*01:07:29*

**Emily Harden**: It's all.
*01:07:29*

**Emily Harden**: I don't think, yes and no.
*01:07:30*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*01:07:33*

**Emily Harden**: We also had a donate the price of your, like, or the price of your ticket,
*01:07:35*

**Emily Harden**: but it had to be a minimum of price, I think.
*01:07:41*

**Emily Harden**: I think we did have that once.
*01:07:43*

**Emily Harden**: You could offer the t-shirt as an add-on, potentially, even.
*01:07:48*

**Emily Harden**: T-shirts are like $1,500 or $2,000 if we spent on t-shirts.
*01:07:52*

**Emily Harden**: And it always ends up being a bunch of leftover t-shirts.
*01:07:56*

**Sam**: So might as well.
*01:08:02*

**Emily Harden**: Might as well not have...
*01:08:03*

**Emily Harden**: I'm considering giving some of my t-shirts back to Duval Mug.
*01:08:07*

**Emily Harden**: to give away to other people.
*01:08:10*

**Emily Harden**: Well, I need conference t-shirts, so yes, please.
*01:08:11*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*01:08:14*

**Emily Harden**: Because I put all of mine away.
*01:08:17*

**Emily Harden**: Because I was like, I can't wear TechMama t-shirts for a minute.
*01:08:19*

**Emily Harden**: It's sad.
*01:08:21*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*01:08:26*

**Emily Harden**: Other swag has been give or take.
*01:08:29*

**Emily Harden**: People really liked the spinny fidget spinners,
*01:08:33*

**Emily Harden**: but that's because I got them on a real good deal,
*01:08:35*

**Emily Harden**: and we had a lot of money at that time.
*01:08:37*

**Emily Harden**: The bison, very expensive.
*01:08:40*

**Emily Harden**: Also a lot of money.
*01:08:42*

**Emily Harden**: Stickers are cheap.
*01:08:44*

**Emily Harden**: Easiest thing to get.
*01:08:46*

**Emily Harden**: But people like swag.
*01:08:49*

**Emily Harden**: Rogue recruitment typically donates something.
*01:08:51*

**Emily Harden**: If not a sponsorship, they'll donate some items.
*01:08:59*

**Sam**: Add contacting rogue recruitment to the action items for sponsorship.
*01:09:02*

**Emily Harden**: but she does like to be talked to.
*01:09:10*

**Emily Harden**: We'd love to, instead of saying, we want you to sponsor,
*01:09:14*

**Emily Harden**: we'd say, we'd love to have a lunch with you
*01:09:19*

**Emily Harden**: and chat with you about how you can have the type of home.
*01:09:21*

**Emily Harden**: And then she's one of them.
*01:09:24*

**Sam**: I might, is that, Peter finally, Peter Mullen,
*01:09:26*

**Sam**: you finally, you finally like gave me a soft commitment
*01:09:30*

**Sam**: of like, I knew I'd have $5,000 for you for this next year.
*01:09:34*

**Sam**: and so I did the thing he's been asking me to do
*01:09:39*

**Sam**: I got the board
*01:09:40*

**Sam**: I got like half the board on a call with him
*01:09:41*

**Sam**: and it was just
*01:09:44*

**Sam**: he wanted to just give us advice
*01:09:45*

**Sam**: and it was just all stuff
*01:09:46*

**Sam**: mostly stuff we had heard before
*01:09:48*

**Sam**: and it was
*01:09:49*

**Sam**: it was a little bit frustrating
*01:09:50*

**Sam**: like I can't believe I pulled on
*01:09:51*

**Sam**: so much of the world
*01:09:52*

**Emily Harden**: yeah
*01:09:53*

**Sam**: um
*01:09:54*

**Sam**: he just wanted to like send me an oracle to us
*01:09:56*

**Sam**: which is fine
*01:10:01*

**Sam**: like even he said like
*01:10:02*

**Sam**: I don't know of a better
*01:10:03*

**Sam**: organization for like
*01:10:05*

**Sam**: concentrated software engineering talent than Tacoma, which is good.
*01:10:08*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*01:10:11*

**Sam**: But we couldn't get a hard commitment of sponsorship out of them.
*01:10:14*

**Sam**: Other than the next step of we've got to set up a credit card
*01:10:20*

**Sam**: or we've got to set up a regional bank account.
*01:10:23*

**Sam**: So is it like that?
*01:10:28*

**Emily Harden**: Hers is more, she doesn't want to just be like,
*01:10:30*

**Emily Harden**: give us money, give us money, give us money.
*01:10:33*

**Sam**: I can take somebody out to lunch.
*01:10:35*

**Emily Harden**: And hers is more of a, she's a career, I mean, like, it's a recording agency, right?
*01:10:39*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*01:10:46*

**Emily Harden**: So, like, I always talk to her, I was like, maybe you come give a seminar or something.
*01:10:46*

**Emily Harden**: She has a newborn right now, so she's probably not going to want to.
*01:10:52*

**Emily Harden**: Right.
*01:10:56*

**Emily Harden**: You know.
*01:10:57*

**Emily Harden**: That would be a good thing for all the, like, to get Tulsa Tech students to be interested in coming to have some sort of recruiter person.
*01:10:58*

**Sam**: Before I put, just because I...
*01:11:09*

**Emily Harden**: I'm going to get more water.
*01:11:11*

**Emily Harden**: Oh, go for it.
*01:11:12*

**Sam**: Yeah, you think Grover Fruitman would want to sponsor the interview thing?
*01:11:19*

**Emily Harden**: Maybe.
*01:11:24*

**Sam**: Okay.
*01:11:25*

**Sam**: Before I put energy into it, I want to at least some kind of...
*01:11:25*

**Emily Harden**: Then I want her to next year when she doesn't have a newborn.
*01:11:30*

**Sam**: What's that?
*01:11:33*

**Emily Harden**: Maybe next year when she doesn't have a newborn as opposed to this year.
*01:11:34*

**Sam**: I don't know if I'm going to be on the board next year.
*01:11:37*

**Emily Harden**: That's fair.
*01:11:39*

**Sam**: They elect to be vice president.
*01:11:40*

**Sam**: Part of that is being president in 2027.
*01:11:42*

**Sam**: I was like, I don't know.
*01:11:44*

**Sam**: I don't know that.
*01:11:46*

**Emily Harden**: Oh, you didn't know that.
*01:11:47*

**Sam**: I don't know that I want to do that.
*01:11:48*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*01:11:50*

**Sam**: So I took the vice president one, but I was just like, we've got to, we've got to, you
*01:11:50*

**Sam**: We'll have to figure out somebody else for president.
*01:11:55*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*01:11:57*

**Emily Harden**: Well, and now that I'm off the board, I'll say this.
*01:11:58*

**Emily Harden**: I don't really want to work with Jalen.
*01:12:02*

**Emily Harden**: He's president.
*01:12:06*

**Emily Harden**: So.
*01:12:07*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*01:12:08*

**Sam**: Add talking to Daniel about SecTech sponsoring 200.
*01:12:09*

**Sam**: Okay.
*01:12:12*

**Sam**: To my action items.
*01:12:12*

**Sam**: All right.
*01:12:14*

**Sam**: Remind me to do an action item of current and former board channel as a attendee source.
*01:12:15*

**Emily Harden**: And sponsors.
*01:12:25*

**Sam**: Oh yeah, sponsors, source.
*01:12:28*

**Sam**: Is that it?
*01:12:36*

**Emily Harden**: I'm trying to think.
*01:12:38*

**Emily Harden**: There was, there's a bunch of like ideas that just never happened.
*01:12:40*

**Emily Harden**: One of them for 200OK was, I went to a conference and they had a booth set up.
*01:12:46*

**Emily Harden**: where you could stuff bags for kids going back to school or something.
*01:12:55*

**Sam**: Okay.
*01:13:01*

**Emily Harden**: But that nonprofit had their own little section that was, like, doing that.
*01:13:02*

**Emily Harden**: And so if you got overwhelmed or tired or annoyed in the conference, you could go do that.
*01:13:07*

**Sam**: Oh, that's nice.
*01:13:11*

**Emily Harden**: And I really liked that.
*01:13:12*

**Sam**: Yeah.
*01:13:13*

**Emily Harden**: And I think that's a good something we could do.
*01:13:13*

**Emily Harden**: Good fudge.
*01:13:17*

**Emily Harden**: If you're doing it, get with it.
*01:13:20*

**Emily Harden**: They're pet-friendly.
*01:13:22*

**Sam**: Oh, like bring your pets to conference?
*01:13:24*

**Emily Harden**: No, no, no.
*01:13:26*

**Emily Harden**: That's a little much.
*01:13:26*

**Emily Harden**: But you could have an adopt-a-pet type food there.
*01:13:28*

**Emily Harden**: Like just a couple of dogs.
*01:13:32*

**Sam**: That'd feel good.
*01:13:34*

**Sam**: We could invite the cat cafe or just a pet place to bring some animals.
*01:13:35*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*01:13:45*

**Sam**: And just have a little animal group.
*01:13:45*

**Emily Harden**: Right.
*01:13:47*

**Emily Harden**: I mean, just not...
*01:13:48*

**Sam**: Okay, hold on.
*01:13:49*

**Sam**: Okay.
*01:13:50*

**Sam**: We could have somebody sponsor the pet a cat or pet a dog.
*01:13:51*

**Sam**: Yeah.
*01:13:57*

**Emily Harden**: Like a little animal therapy, you know?
*01:14:01*

**Sam**: Okay.
*01:14:04*

**Sam**: The wellness, animal wellness.
*01:14:05*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*01:14:08*

**Sam**: I like this.
*01:14:08*

**Emily Harden**: Right?
*01:14:09*

**Sam**: Okay, what were you going to say?
*01:14:10*

**Emily Harden**: I don't know.
*01:14:11*

**Emily Harden**: We talked about doing, like, morning yoga, the morning of the conference places.
*01:14:13*

**Emily Harden**: We talked about doing some of those kind of things.
*01:14:18*

**Sam**: Okay, AI.
*01:14:20*

**Sam**: Add yoga and pet a cat, pet a dog, wellness booth thing to my action items for sponsor opportunities.
*01:14:21*

**Sam**: I mean, just like the mini cat cafe sponsored by Regent Bank.
*01:14:37*

**Sam**: Yeah.
*01:14:42*

**Sam**: Or probably more like the Rose Recruit.
*01:14:43*

**Emily Harden**: GetWid itself, I feel like, because they're such, they have their pets on their website, right?
*01:14:47*

**Sam**: That's an interesting one.
*01:14:53*

**Sam**: I feel weird about trying to get GetWid to give you the venue for free.
*01:14:55*

**Emily Harden**: If they give you the venue for free, then they are a sponsor.
*01:15:00*

**Sam**: So I'm asking for more money on top of getting their whole venue.
*01:15:02*

**Emily Harden**: I would say what I would do, once you have the sponsor, pack it completely.
*01:15:07*

**Emily Harden**: You include a venue sponsor option.
*01:15:13*

**Emily Harden**: And then if they've already offered to do it for free, you mark out the new sponsor and you say taken and you put get with the slogan there.
*01:15:16*

**Emily Harden**: And then you send it to them and you say, thanks so much for marking this, for getting this taken care of for us.
*01:15:23*

**Emily Harden**: We really appreciate you.
*01:15:28*

**Emily Harden**: Thank you so much.
*01:15:29*

**Emily Harden**: But it includes the entire sponsorship perspective.
*01:15:30*

**Emily Harden**: So they see it if they do choose to.
*01:15:33*

**Sam**: Yeah, they can throw into like anything extra they want.
*01:15:37*

**Sam**: It's not an ask, it's just like a...
*01:15:41*

**Emily Harden**: A thank you.
*01:15:42*

**Emily Harden**: Purely saying thank you.
*01:15:44*

**Emily Harden**: You can also make a post on LinkedIn and say,
*01:15:46*

**Emily Harden**: we have a venue sponsor.
*01:15:49*

**Emily Harden**: It's Getwood.
*01:15:50*

**Emily Harden**: We have a food sponsor.
*01:15:50*

**Emily Harden**: It's this place.
*01:15:53*

**Emily Harden**: We're still searching for a blah, blah, blah sponsor.
*01:15:53*

**Emily Harden**: And so you tag all those companies.
*01:15:56*

**Emily Harden**: And then that one says empty or needed.
*01:15:58*

**Emily Harden**: Okay.
*01:16:03*

**Emily Harden**: But conference doesn't have to be boring.
*01:16:08*

**Emily Harden**: You know, like, it's not fun.
*01:16:10*

**Sam**: The, like, animal wellness.
*01:16:13*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*01:16:15*

**Sam**: room or whatever it is.
*01:16:15*

**Emily Harden**: What about
*01:16:18*

**Emily Harden**: you know, what if
*01:16:20*

**Emily Harden**: you got the Rage Room
*01:16:21*

**Emily Harden**: to sponsor and
*01:16:23*

**Emily Harden**: afterwards someone got a
*01:16:25*

**Emily Harden**: $25 Rage Room certificate
*01:16:27*

**Emily Harden**: and they can throw
*01:16:29*

**Emily Harden**: a PC that they hated
*01:16:32*

**Emily Harden**: or something, right?
*01:16:34*

**Emily Harden**: That's a legitimate option.
*01:16:36*

**Emily Harden**: Right?
*01:16:38*

**Emily Harden**: There's all sorts of different weird
*01:16:39*

**Emily Harden**: niche things.
*01:16:42*

**Emily Harden**: I don't
*01:16:46*

**Emily Harden**: to be honest
*01:16:48*

**Emily Harden**: I started losing my spark
*01:16:49*

**Emily Harden**: probably a little early
*01:16:50*

**Emily Harden**: and so I stopped
*01:16:52*

**Emily Harden**: caring about all the new things
*01:16:53*

**Emily Harden**: but now that I've left
*01:16:54*

**Emily Harden**: I can be like
*01:16:55*

**Emily Harden**: oh yeah
*01:16:55*

**Emily Harden**: it's a little fun thing
*01:16:56*

**Sam**: yeah
*01:16:58*

**Sam**: I'll have to think of something
*01:17:00*

**Sam**: I don't want to do too much new stuff
*01:17:01*

**Sam**: because I want to
*01:17:02*

**Sam**: yeah
*01:17:03*

**Sam**: I'm still in my mind
*01:17:03*

**Sam**: I'm still like
*01:17:04*

**Sam**: trying to like
*01:17:06*

**Sam**: keep a good attitude
*01:17:08*

**Sam**: about like just
*01:17:09*

**Sam**: meeting
*01:17:10*

**Sam**: right
*01:17:11*

**Sam**: like rising to the level
*01:17:12*

**Emily Harden**: of like what it's been in the past yeah but which yeah i mean in the past it's it's never
*01:17:13*

**Emily Harden**: i don't think it's ever lost money yeah if it did it was like one or two k it wasn't much
*01:17:22*

**Sam**: or broke even well i mean it's like we didn't get we finally broke we broke even
*01:17:33*

**Sam**: and we paid off the credit cards and we had a little
*01:17:39*

**Sam**: from Thunder Plains.
*01:17:43*

**Background**: Nice.
*01:17:44*

**Sam**: So we're in the block.
*01:17:44*

**Sam**: Good.
*01:17:48*

**Sam**: For the beginning of the year.
*01:17:49*

**Sam**: I just don't want to.
*01:17:51*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah, don't spend it.
*01:17:53*

**Sam**: I don't want to like set that off on a bad path.
*01:17:54*

**Sam**: Especially with like a sea slaskin used to being treasure.
*01:18:00*

**Sam**: We still have Anna.
*01:18:03*

**Sam**: Yeah.
*01:18:04*

**Sam**: I want a good landing.
*01:18:07*

**Emily Harden**: I'll also give you a heads up.
*01:18:10*

**Emily Harden**: I have been asked to potentially be a board member for KCDC, Kansas City,
*01:18:15*

**Emily Harden**: Developer Conference.
*01:18:22*

**Emily Harden**: They are wanting to create a Tecna Homa-type organization in Kansas City.
*01:18:23*

**Emily Harden**: Maybe Ole Man.
*01:18:27*

**Emily Harden**: Right?
*01:18:29*

**Sam**: We actually have a community member going to give us a board.
*01:18:31*

**Emily Harden**: They already, it's a small board.
*01:18:33*

**Emily Harden**: It is three people right now, and they're going to expand it to five.
*01:18:37*

**Emily Harden**: Because one of the people on the board is going to recuse himself so that he can be ED.
*01:18:43*

**Emily Harden**: Any people.
*01:18:48*

**Emily Harden**: Oh.
*01:18:48*

**Emily Harden**: Executive director.
*01:18:49*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*01:18:50*

**Emily Harden**: Getting paid a lot more.
*01:18:51*

**Emily Harden**: But they're asking me to be a board member because they want me to bring in the knowledge base of Tech Mahomes.
*01:18:55*

**Emily Harden**: But that's in year one.
*01:19:04*

**Emily Harden**: year two and three they want because it's a three-year tournament um potentially regional
*01:19:06*

**Emily Harden**: influence and to partner with organizations oh yeah they want to be so they might have the funds
*01:19:12*

**Emily Harden**: and i don't want to say this now they might have the funds to be like kcdc sponsors 200 okay a little
*01:19:20*

**Emily Harden**: um they might want to speak a slot for that i don't know but i'm just
*01:19:26*

**Emily Harden**: I'll let you know.
*01:19:33*

**Emily Harden**: But they have more money than we ever have had.
*01:19:34*

**Emily Harden**: Good.
*01:19:37*

**Emily Harden**: You've got...
*01:19:39*

**Emily Harden**: They run a giant conference.
*01:19:40*

**Emily Harden**: KCDC is a 3,000-person conference, so...
*01:19:42*

**Sam**: Incredible.
*01:19:48*

**Sam**: That was one of the feedback of just, like, I forget.
*01:19:49*

**Sam**: I feel like that was one of the more, just feedback of the patterns I've seen in the community.
*01:19:53*

**Sam**: There's, like, people want more developer conferences.
*01:19:58*

**Sam**: It's just like, okay.
*01:20:01*

**Sam**: where's our
*01:20:04*

**Sam**: guest sponsors
*01:20:05*

**Sam**: we could talk to
*01:20:06*

**Emily Harden**: yeah
*01:20:06*

**Emily Harden**: we also talked about
*01:20:08*

**Emily Harden**: um
*01:20:09*

**Emily Harden**: keeping the vibe
*01:20:10*

**Emily Harden**: on local
*01:20:11*

**Emily Harden**: like 200k
*01:20:12*

**Emily Harden**: is the local conference
*01:20:12*

**Emily Harden**: like
*01:20:14*

**Emily Harden**: you have to be like
*01:20:14*

**Emily Harden**: in the know
*01:20:15*

**Emily Harden**: and you have to
*01:20:15*

**Emily Harden**: like
*01:20:16*

**Emily Harden**: it's not recorded
*01:20:16*

**Emily Harden**: for a reason
*01:20:18*

**Emily Harden**: like
*01:20:19*

**Emily Harden**: we talked about like
*01:20:20*

**Emily Harden**: Luke talking about
*01:20:21*

**Emily Harden**: some of the stuff
*01:20:22*

**Emily Harden**: we can't talk about
*01:20:22*

**Emily Harden**: but he does
*01:20:24*

**Sam**: oh yeah no
*01:20:25*

**Sam**: Luke already wants to talk about
*01:20:25*

**Sam**: this is going to be a joke
*01:20:27*

**Sam**: so I have Jordan
*01:20:28*

**Sam**: who worked on
*01:20:30*

**Sam**: Claude.com
*01:20:30*

**Emily Harden**: uh huh
*01:20:31*

**Sam**: and I want to ask them yet but I want to do one of the talks again another major third local
*01:20:33*

**Sam**: speaker Luke also wants to do a talk Luke's talk he was telling me about a huge demonstrated
*01:20:42*

**Sam**: yesterday it's about the dangers of five cutting tools like cloud coding or cloud coding is one of
*01:20:48*

**Emily Harden**: I still love Luke's talk when he put QR codes around the place.
*01:20:56*

**Sam**: Oh.
*01:21:01*

**Emily Harden**: That was good.
*01:21:02*

**Emily Harden**: If he did that again, that'd be so good.
*01:21:05*

**Sam**: This is the part where I'm really excited about all of our speakers from Oklahoma.
*01:21:08*

**Sam**: I'm from Tulsa just because I don't have a lot of speakers.
*01:21:15*

**Sam**: And they're all good talks.
*01:21:21*

**Emily Harden**: What if you had a theme?
*01:21:24*

**Emily Harden**: I feel like 200OK has never had a theme.
*01:21:26*

**Emily Harden**: Thunderplans has never had a theme.
*01:21:28*

**Emily Harden**: They've never had themes.
*01:21:29*

**Emily Harden**: And the more I'm going to these conferences,
*01:21:31*

**Emily Harden**: the more I'm seeing themes.
*01:21:32*

**Emily Harden**: So maybe 200OK this year is a local theme.
*01:21:35*

**Emily Harden**: Like the theme is Oklahoma, local, right?
*01:21:38*

**Emily Harden**: And then you lean into it.
*01:21:41*

**Emily Harden**: You keep it local.
*01:21:43*

**Emily Harden**: You talk about local networks, potentially, right?
*01:21:44*

**Emily Harden**: Like keeping your system local.
*01:21:47*

**Emily Harden**: talking about, like, you know, privatizing stuff security-wise and stuff.
*01:21:51*

**Emily Harden**: I don't, I'm pulling words on my butt, but, you know, just an idea.
*01:21:58*

**Emily Harden**: Well, yeah.
*01:22:06*

**Emily Harden**: And if you did that, you could potentially get, like, local companies, local food, local places to do local things.
*01:22:08*

**Emily Harden**: Center of the universe.
*01:22:19*

**Emily Harden**: festival. I missed that.
*01:22:23*

**Emily Harden**: I was going to say something.
*01:22:28*

**Emily Harden**: Oh, there's another thing I wanted to do.
*01:22:37*

**Emily Harden**: It was for the speaker gifts, having an artist, a local artist,
*01:22:39*

**Emily Harden**: make something for your speaker.
*01:22:45*

**Emily Harden**: I thought that would be really cool.
*01:22:48*

**Emily Harden**: Probably expensive, but...
*01:22:50*

**Sam**: Yeah.
*01:22:52*

**Sam**: Well, there might be some that are doing it for free.
*01:22:53*

**Emily Harden**: Or buying their domain name for them for a year.
*01:22:55*

**Emily Harden**: Or...
*01:23:00*

**Emily Harden**: Speakers?
*01:23:00*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*01:23:01*

**Emily Harden**: Like, buying their name.
*01:23:02*

**Emily Harden**: Like, samecarleton.com.
*01:23:03*

**Emily Harden**: Like, if they don't have it already, buy it for them for the year.
*01:23:05*

**Emily Harden**: Like, just random things like that that, like, are a little more unique as opposed to a pint glass.
*01:23:07*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah.
*01:23:12*

**Emily Harden**: People love the pint glass.
*01:23:13*

**Emily Harden**: The what?
*01:23:14*

**Emily Harden**: The pint glass.
*01:23:15*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah, pint glass.
*01:23:16*

**Emily Harden**: Pint glass, like beer.
*01:23:17*

**Emily Harden**: You drink beer in a pint glass.
*01:23:18*

**Emily Harden**: We had Teclahoma etched on the side.
*01:23:20*

**Emily Harden**: And it was a pint glass.
*01:23:23*

**Sam**: I didn't even hear about that.
*01:23:24*

**Emily Harden**: I actually have two.
*01:23:26*

**Emily Harden**: I was thinking of giving back to you also.
*01:23:27*

**Sam**: Yeah, if you want to.
*01:23:30*

**Sam**: Yeah.
*01:23:31*

**Sam**: I mean, you might want to keep one.
*01:23:32*

**Sam**: I know.
*01:23:33*

**Sam**: That's kind of one.
*01:23:34*

**Emily Harden**: Yeah, I have a quesadilla pint glass.
*01:23:38*

**Emily Harden**: And I have a B-sized pint glass.
*01:23:41*

**Background**: Alright, I think we got it.
*01:23:48*

**Background**: I think we got it.
*01:23:49*

**Background**: We used to have a bunch of money.
*01:23:50*

